Short Fuse
On day 3 of the Rats job, get away with 7 bags without defusing any bombs.

Guessing Game
On day 2 of the Firestarter job, complete the heist in stealth without hacking the computer.

King of the Hill
In the Park escape, ensure that no law enforcement enters the park before the escape van arrives.

You Shall Not Pass!
In the Overpass escape, don't let the cops set foot on the bridge before you can escape.

They See Me Baggin', They Hatin'
On the Garage escape, get away with 8 bags.

Afraid of the Dark
On day 3 of the Framing Frame job, while doing plan B, don't let law enforcers pull the power.

It's Alive! IT'S ALIVE!
While wearing the "Frank" mask from the Halloween event, get electrocuted by a Taser 25 times.

No One Can Hear You Scream
While wearing the "Venomorph" mask from the Halloween event, silently kill 50 enemies using only melee.

I'm Not a Crook!
While wearing the "37th" mask, kill 69 snipers using the Commando 553 rifle.

I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Bulldozer
While wearing the "42nd" mask, trade 7 civilians.

Fool Me Once, Shame on -Shame on You. Fool Me - You Can't Get Fooled Again
While wearing the "43rd" mask, kill 95 Shields using the Swedish K submachine gun.

Reindeer Games
Complete a heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Christmas soundtrack or community "Santa" mask each.

Doctor Miserable
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, complete the heist with the last engine being correct on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

I Ain't Got Time to Bleed
Kill 15 FBI SWAT and FBI Heavy SWAT units with a knife while at 25% or less health on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Murphy's Law
On day 1 of the Election Day job, tag the wrong truck, then find nothing in the vault.

Hot Lava 2.0
On day 1 of the Election Day job, use the computer in stealth without ever touching the ground.

Ghost Riders
Complete a heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different difficulty mask each.

I Will Pass Through Walls
In the Shadow Raid job, secure at least 6 bags of loot and escape without killing anyone.

Backing Bobblehead Bob
Bring Bobblehead Bob to the vault. Unlocks "The 18th" mask, the "Gemstone" material, the "God of War" pattern and the "Wooden Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Entrapment
In the Big Bank job, complete the heist with 12 bags in the default escape with all the lasers active. Unlocks the "CQB Foregrip" for the Falcon rifle.

Funding Father
Complete any heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Big Bank" mask each. Unlocks the "Marksman Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Swing Dancing
Complete any single day of a heist, killing at least 50 enemies using only your melee weapon.

Four Monkeys
In the Rats job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Shotgun Pack" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Artillery Barrage
Kill 25 enemies at 40 meters or more using only the GL40 grenade launcher. Unlocks the "Wooden Stock" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Pirate Barrel" for the GL40 grenade launcher, "Bone" material and "Muerte" pattern.

Unusual Suspects
In the Watchdogs job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Assault Pack mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Light Foregrip" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Tactical Foregrip" for the Gewehr 3 rifle, "Long Barrel" for the Clarion rifle, "Void" material and "Death" pattern.

Not Today
Kill a jumping Cloaker using the GL40 grenade launcher. Unlocks the "Wooden Stock", "Retro Grip" and "Wooden Foregrip" for the Gewehr 3 rifle.

Wrong Number
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Death From Below
Kill 25 enemies as they rappel using the Nagant sniper rifle. Unlocks the "Constable" mask, the "Silenced Barrel" and the "Long Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Gunsmoke" material and "Dazzle" pattern.

Wind of Change
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Historical" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Discreet Stock" and "Short Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Precision Barrel" for the Broomstick pistol, "Extended Mag" and "Long Barrel" for the Patchett L2A1 submachine gun and the "Heatsinked Suppressed Barrel" for the Buzzsaw 42 light machine gun.

Impossible, It Can't Be. Is It?
In the White Xmas job, secure the rare Almir's Toast.

Honor Among Thieves
In The Diamond job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Diamond Heist" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Diamonds in the Rough
In The Diamond job, complete the heist, diamond puzzle and steal the Diamond after the alarm has been triggered on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Anubis" mask, "Mummy Bandages" material and "Hawk Helm" pattern.

Tabula Rasa
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Golden AK.762 rifles and Chicago Typewriter submachine guns. Unlocks a new skill slot.

Oppressor
Complete The Bomb: Forest job without letting any civilian flee or die, having at least five civilians in the heist, while escaping with the boat. Unlocks "The Doctor" mask, "Plywood" material and "Caduceus" pattern.

Fisherman's Fiend
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sneaking With the Fishes
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job in stealth on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Butcher" mask, "Rhino" material and "Checker Board" pattern.

I've Got the Power
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, don't let the enemies cut the power. Unlocks the "Long Slide" for the LEO pistol.

OVE SAW 72000
In the Nightclub job, complete the heist on any difficulty with each crew member using the OVE 9000 saw as primary and secondary weapons. Unlocks the "THRUST Upper Receiver", "THRUST Lower Receiver" and "Long Ergo Foregrip" for the CAR weapon family.

Here Comes the Pain Train
In the Firestarter job, complete the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, with all days done in loud and with a crew of 4 players using unmodified "AK Rifle" rifles and "PARA" submachine guns. Unlocks the "DMR Kit AK.762" and the "Low Drag Magazine" for the AK weapon family, "Timothy" mask, "Prehistoric" material and "Dinosaur Stripes" pattern.

The Turtle Always Wins
In the Art Gallery job, complete the heist in stealth within 4 minutes with each crew member wearing the Improved Combined Tactical Vest and no Armor Bag deployable equipped. Unlocks the "Classic Stock" for the AK weapon family, "2 Piece Stock" for the AK and CAR weapon families, "Pachy" mask, "Fossil" material and "Prehistoric Predator" pattern.

Private Party
In the Jewelry store job, don't let the cops enter the jewelry store until the van comes back on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "DMR Kit AMR-16" and the "L5 Magazine" for the CAR weapon family, "Vincent" mask, "Feathers" material and "Dinosaur Scars" pattern.

Cooking With Style
Complete the Rats job with you and your four man crew having Combined Tactical Vests, Vulcan Miniguns, HRL-7 Rocket Launchers and "General OVERKILL" masks equipped on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

I Have No Idea What I'm Doing
In the Shadow Raid job, complete the heist in stealth while having the Vulcan Minigun and HRL-7 Rocket Launcher equipped.

We Are Rockstars On This Job
Complete the Watchdogs job with each crew member using no skills, wielding the AMCAR Rifle and Chimano 88 Pistol on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Reputation Beyond Reproach
In the Breaking Ballot heist of the Election Day job, complete the heist with you and your four man crew without letting anyone getting downed, cloaked or cuffed on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

120 Proof
Kill 120 or more enemies in any day in a heist, with you and your four man crew having at least 120% crew accuracy at the end of the heist.

Wasteful
On day 1 of the Firestarter job, complete heist having burned all weapons on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Speedlock Holmes
On day 1 of the Election Day job, tag the right truck and leave within a minute of the start of the heist.

It's Getting Hot in Here
In the Firestarter job, complete day 3 with you and your crew staying inside the vault while all of the money burns out on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Not Invited
Kill 10 enemies within 10 seconds using the Piglet Grenade Launcher without using Incendiary rounds. Unlocks the "Firefighter's Helmet" mask, "Burn" material and "Flamer" pattern.

Sound of Silence
Complete The Alesso Heist without your crew killing anyone. Unlocks the "Boom Box" mask, "Enlightenment" material and "Alesso Logo" pattern.

Fuck It, We're Walking
In The Alesso Heist, complete the heist in loud without using the zip-line or bag chutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Female Concert Goer" mask, "Stained Glass" material and "Soundwave" pattern.

City of Sin and Well-Oiled Gears
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job without having the Big Fucking Drill ever break in loud. Unlocks the "Murmillo Galea Helmet" mask, "Casino" material and "Royale" pattern.

High Roller
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job under 14 minutes. Unlocks "The King" mask, "Plush" material and "Cards" pattern.

Swiss Cheese
Kill 100 enemies in a single day of a heist with the Kross Vertex Submachine Gun. Unlocks the "Kage" mask, "Sakura" material and "Oni" pattern.

Shuriken Shenanigans
Complete a single day of a heist in stealth using only the Shuriken throwable and killing at least 4 enemies. Unlocks the "Kuro Zukin" mask, "Bamboo" material and "Koi" pattern.

Fugu Fighter
Have at least 3 enemies poisoned at the same time with your poisoned weapons. Unlocks the "Shirai" mask, "Origami" material and "Hanabi" pattern.

Heisters of the Round Table
Complete any heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with 4 players using only Gage Chivalry Pack masks, primary weapons, melee weapons and Ballistic Vests or heavier armors. Unlocks the "Agatha Knight Veteran" mask, "Bloodied" material and "Agatha" pattern.

Their Armor Is Thick and Their Shields Broad
Kill 10 shields with a Gage Chivalry Pack melee weapon in a single heist. Unlocks the "Agatha Vanguard Veteran" mask, "Chain Armor" material and "Medieval" pattern.

Black Knight
Kill a black Bulldozer with the Great Sword melee weapon. Unlocks the "Mason Vanguard Veteran" mask, "Forged" material and "Checkered Out" pattern.

400 Bucks
I may be homeless, but at least I have a sick knife.

Hidden Hostages
Complete the First World Bank job with 6 or more hostages alive behind the wall by the elevators in the main lobby.

Original Heisters
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using the PAYDAY: The Heist crew, Reinfeld Shotguns, and Bernetti 9 Pistols.

Cloaker Fear
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above by securing all additional money bags while not using the loot vent bag shortcut for the additional money bags.

OVERDRILL
In the First World Bank job, solve the PAYDAY: The Heist secret on the Death Wish difficulty or above and enter the OVERVAULT.

Making a Statement
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without anyone killing a single sniper.

Jump! Jump! Jump!
Complete a heist without it ever going more than 4 seconds between you jumping. Unlocks the "Dawg" mask.

Skill Shot
In the Lab Rats job, secure a bag in the secret area. Unlocks the "Invader" mask.

Trick or Treat!
In the Lab Rats job, complete the Cloaker event on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Satan" mask.

Clean House
In the Beneath the Mountain job, secure all of the loot from the vaults and mountain-top in the escape helicopter. Unlocks the "Tawhiri" mask, "Flow" material and "Sun Avatar" pattern.

Commando Crew
In the Beneath the Mountain job, open the 4 vaults that contain loot within 10 minutes of starting the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

No Blood on the Carpet
In the Birth of Sky job, release the money without having any player take health damage on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Oro" mask, "Glade" material and "Tribal Wave" pattern.

1... 2... 3... JUMP!
In the Birth of Sky job, have the entire crew jump out of the airplane within 1 minute and 23 seconds on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Maui" mask, "Wade" material and "Ornamental Crown" pattern.

Black Tie Event
Complete the Birth of Sky job, have the entire crew use only pistols and Two Piece Suits on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Santa Slays Slackers
In the Santa's Workshop job, keep all the elves alive for 30 minutes after the first assault starts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Euro Bag Simulator
Complete the Santa's Workshop job after having secured at least 100 bags in the chimney on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Rudelf" mask.

Pumped Up and Jolly
Complete the Santa's Workshop job having all players in the crew only use shotguns. Unlocks the "Christmas Cap" mask.

Only Santa Brings Gifts
In the Santa's Workshop job, secure 10 bags of loot without using any player equipment or assets.

We Do It Live!
Complete the Framing Frame job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Platypus 70 sniper rifles and Judge shotguns.

Goat In 60 Seconds
In the first day of the Goat Simulator job, secure 6 goats in the escape truck within 1 minute of it arriving. Unlocks the "Scout Goat" mask, "Goat Eye" material and "Giraffe" pattern.

Hazzard County
Complete day 2 of the Goat Simulator job within 4 minutes from when the escape car is available. Unlocks the "Goat Goat" mask, "Flamingo Eye" material and "Illumigoati" pattern.

BAAaa...*BANG*...aaAAH
In the Goat Simulator job, throw a goat in the air, kill one enemy and catch the goat before it lands. Unlocks the "Mastermind Goat" mask, "Hay" material and "Goat Face" pattern.

Farmer Miserable
In day 2 of the Goat Simulator job, send all goats in separate cages on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Slick Goat" mask, "Tongue" material and "Fur" pattern.

Dr. Evil
On the Counterfeit job, print and secure $1,000,000 worth of counterfeit money in the Helicopter. Unlocks the "Viking" mask, "Houndstooth" material and "Fenris" pattern.

Cutting the Red Wire
On the Counterfeit job, disarm the C4 on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Dragon Head" mask, "Days" material and "Kurbits" pattern.

Basement Dwellers
On the Counterfeit job, don't let the cops enter the printing room until the safe is opened on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Keep Clear of the Windows
Complete the Undercover job without killing any Snipers. Unlocks the "Hans" mask, "Red Black" material and "Luse" pattern.

The Saviour
On the Undercover job, place 10 planks on windows, vents or fences. Unlocks the "Trickster Demon" mask, "Mushroom Cloud" material and "Split" pattern.

Blow-Out
Complete the Undercover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, using only a grenade launcher or rocket launcher.

Ghost Run
Complete the Murky Station job within 7 minutes of starting it. Unlocks the "Cloaker-san" mask, "Rusty" material and "Rebel" pattern.

The Pacifist
Complete the Murky Station job without anyone in the crew killing anyone. Unlocks the "Augmentation" mask, "Spaceship" material and "Squares" pattern.

No Witnesses
Complete the Murky Station job by killing all guards and not using any ECM jammers on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Janitor
Complete the Murky Station job after hiding one body bag in each dumpster.

The Ground Is Too Cold
In the Boiling Point job, have no crew members get downed on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zero 68" mask, "Nebula" material and "Hexagons" pattern.

Crazy Ivan
Complete the Boiling Point job having everyone only using melee weapons without electricity or poison to kill enemies on the Very Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Safety First" mask, "Planet" material and "Phoenix" pattern.

When in Russia... Do as the Russians Do
Complete the Boiling Point job while having your crew wear the "Russian Hat" mask and "Golden AK.762" assault rifle on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Megalo-Mania
Have all four players using a fully unlocked Maniac perk deck and have an average of 65% or more of the white Maniac bar filled.

High Times
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, cook 2 bags of meth and secure them.

Looting in the Dark
Complete the Murky Station job by finding and securing all loot without killing anyone on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Mellon
In the Birth of Sky job, find all 9 rings.

Kiss the Chef
In the Cook Off job, cook 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

You Got Your Patch!
Complete The Biker Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Let the Man Work
In the first day of The Biker Heist, let Mike the mechanic complete the bike without any interruptions on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Classic" mask, "Hotrod" material and "Engine" pattern.

Full Throttle
Complete day 2 of The Biker Heist within 120 seconds on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Speed Devil" mask, "Devil Eye" material and "Skull Wing" pattern.

A Horrible Seventh Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Not Radical Enough For You?
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Dirty Energy
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Highly Mother-Fucking-Dangerous
Complete The Biker Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Making it Rain
Complete the Birth of Sky job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

What Is It Good For?
Complete the Boiling Point job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

What Are You Sinking About
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Ship It
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Keep Your Feet on the Ground
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Bodhi's Pool Repair Crew
Complete the Counterfeit job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Got Money to Burn
Complete the Firestarter job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Dennis' Menace
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Survived Lab Rats with One Down And All I Got Was This Achievement
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

My Chemical Brothers
Complete the Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Fight Like Cornered Animals
Complete the Watchdogs job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Upstanding Citizen
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Sad Vlad is Bad
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Democracy at Work
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

We Can Trust This Guy
Complete all of Hector's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Master of Mayhem
Complete all contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Mayhem Skull" mask.

A Heister of Legend
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks "The Death Sentence Skull" mask.

The Dentist Delight
In the Panic Room job, find and secure the giant toothbrush.

Don't You Dare Miss
Complete Panic Room on any difficulty with a total crew hit accuracy above 200%

Crouched and Hidden, Flying Dagger
Kill 8 guards with the Throwing Knife while crouching on the Murky Station job. The heist must be completed for any kills to count. Unlocks the "Hotelier" mask, "Club Lights" material and "Piety" pattern.

UMP for Me, UMP for You
Kill 45 Russian specials on the Boiling Point job with the Jackal Submachine Gun on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zashchita" mask, "Mist" material and "Battle Wounds" pattern.

For Daisy
Complete the Firestarter job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with your crew using only the Contractor Pistol. Unlocks the "Daisy" mask, "Dog Fur" material and "Daisies" pattern.

Haunted House of Heisters
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Salem Asylum
On the Prison Nightmare job, get on the train in less than 4 min and 44 sec on the Mayhem difficulty or above. You have to have played the heist from the start. Unlocks the "Risen Wolf" mask.

A Long Night of Horrors
Complete the Prison Nightmare job, getting at least 15 keycards on the Mayhem difficulty or above without any player ever going into custody. Unlocks the "Risen Chains" mask.

He's Got Experience
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Hard difficulty or above by having 1 player playing as Hoxton, all having Nova's Shank melee weapon equipped, and are only allowed to kill enemies using Nova's Shank. Unlocks the "Risen Houston" mask.

Let Them Fly
Kill 50 Snipers with the Arbiter Grenade Launcher while using the standard ammo type.

The Reckoning
Complete any heist from start to end and kill 200 or more enemies with any weapon equipped with the Reconnaissance Sight on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Celsius or Fahrenheit?
Kill 10 enemies in a row, without missing, while switching between the regular sight and the 45 Degree Red Dot Sight after each kill on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Thundersnow
Complete the Stealing Xmas job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Grinch
On the Stealing Xmas job, secure all additional loot on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Christmas Party
On the Stealing Xmas job, escape the heist while keeping at least 10 zip-tied civilians alive within the 4 pillars around the Christmas tree.

Say Hello to My Big Friend
On the Scarface Mansion job, kill the boss with the Commando 101 Rocket Launcher on the OVERKILL difficulty and above. Unlocks the "Panthera Tigris" mask, "Black Marble" material and "Diablada" pattern.

Fierce Protection
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Vengeful Rain
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Valkyries
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Apartment Sniper
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, by having all team members using Sniper Rifles and the OVE9000 saws on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Rendezvous With Destiny
On the Brooklyn 10-10 job, reach Charon within 6 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Liberty" mask, "Underground Neon" material and "Baba Yaga" pattern.

Pass the Ammo
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, after deploying 8 ammo bags in the ammo cage on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Bird of Prey" mask, "Carbon Fiber Weave" material and "Hood Stripes" pattern.

Thalassophobia
Complete The Yacht Heist within 6 minutes, on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Patience is Key
Complete the Heat Street job without using any gas cans.

It's Nice to be Nice
Complete the Heat Street job without killing any civilians on the Hard difficulty or above.

Beat the Shield
Complete the Green Bridge job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Caution! Wet Floors
On the Green Bridge job, escort the convict from the van to the scaffolding while never touching the ground, on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Back to Prison
On the Green Bridge job, free and zip-tie all extra prisoners in the prison vans.

The one that survived
In the GO Bank or the Four Stores Jobs, find and pick up the hidden Marine Trophy five times. Unlocks "The Marine" mask.

Criminal Origins
Complete all contracts on the Normal difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Normal Skull" mask.

Hacking Crime.net
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Hello To You, My New Friends
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

Mercenary for Hire
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Locke & Load
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Drain the Swamp
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

FUBAR
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Completed, Fo' Sho'
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Treason in Alaskan
Complete the Alaskan Deal job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

There Was Room For Two
In the Alaskan Deal job shoot the SWAT that is hanging on to the door out in the water.

Headless Snowmen
In the Alaskan Deal job find and shoot the heads off on all the snowmen.

On the Rise
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Madman Absolution
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Excuse me, There's a Bullet in My Pork...
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Well Done
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Prime Cuts
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

As Fit as a Butcher's Dog
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Everybody Owes, Everybody Pays
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Heavy Tariffs
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Smooth Sailing
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

145+ Down
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Noise Complaint
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Baba Yaga
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Nobody is That Good...
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Out of the Jaws of Death
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Jaw Dropping
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

And Now for Something Completely Different
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Take Out His Beating Heart, and Fucking Eat It!
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Blood Diamond
On the Diamond Heist secure the red diamond on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Dead Change
Steal from the Dead.

United We Heist
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using only the Union 5.56 Rifle.

Get Off My Property
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, keep the law enforcers from entering the warehouse until Twitch arrives with the escape van.

Pinky Swear
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, escort Mr. Pink back to the warehouse within 60 seconds after rescuing him from the car on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Close Shave
On the Reservoir Dogs job, kill 92 special enemies with the Alabama Razor on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Brooklyn Battle
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Obsessive Opening
On the Brooklyn Bank Job open at least 30 deposit boxes and all 3 ATMs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Felis Lynx" mask and the "Ursus Maritimus" mask.

Animal Kingdom
On the Brooklyn Bank job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Brooklyn Bank animal mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

One More Down, No More To Go
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated. Unlocks "The One Down Skull" mask.

Back in My Days
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Tell Me Why You Fall
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Just an' Old Country Doctor
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

It Always Ends the Same
Complete all of Hector's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Home is Where the Battle is
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vernon's Shenanigans
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Explosive Personality
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Pleasure Doing Business With You
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

The Second Statesman
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vlad Will Sing You a Song
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Seventh Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Boreal Betrayal
Complete the Alaskan Deal job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Bunker Buddies
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Slick Heisting
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Pain Train
Complete The Biker Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Theft From Above
Complete the Birth of Sky job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

EZ
Complete the Boiling Point job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Prepare to be Boarded
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Make Like a Tree...and Get Out of Here
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Once Upon A Time in the Old Neighborhood
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

An incident Over on Keel Street
Complete the Counterfeit job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Some People Want to See the World Burn
Complete the Firestarter job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Thank You for Flying With OVERKILL Airline
Complete the Green Bridge job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Yes, I Rather Like Hurting Other People, Thank You For Asking
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Petty Crimes
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

On the Edge of Madness
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Exterminator
Complete the Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Avoiding the Dog Pound
Complete the Watchdogs job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Human Sentry Gun
Kill 20 enemies with a Light Machine Gun while using the bipod without un-deploying.

Quick Draw
In the Panic Room job, kill all gangsters within 60 seconds after masking up on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Silver Tongue
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, convert the cashier in the Garnet Group boutique to fight for you.

I'm Sure No One Heard That
On the Ukrainian Job, complete the heist in stealth after triggering the alarm with the metal detectors.

Remember, No Russian
In the Boiling Point job, scan all 4 bodies without letting the mercenaries turn off the power or stop the scanner on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Say Hello To My Halloween Friend!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, Acquire all 7 "Deadly Sins" masks.

Faster! Faster! I can do it faster!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, open at least 6 safes in a single run on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Matrix With Lasers
In the Big Bank job, open the vault by using the "Beast" drill and escape using the C4 Tunneling asset without killing any snipers on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

I Feel Like Robin Hood!
Complete the Undercover job with every crew member using only a bow without any modifications on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Junkyard Full Of Junkies
On day 1 of the Big Oil job, kill all of the bikers within 1 minute of the heist starting.

Watch The Power Switch!
On day 2 of the Hoxton Breakout job, don't let the cops turn off the power while Hoxton is in the server room on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Global Warming
Complete the Alaskan Deal job with all crew members using only Flamethrowers.

Expert Landing
In the Birth of Sky job, have all players land on the roof of any building, car or other structure and together get 200 kills before ever touching the ground on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Drive By
Kill 10 enemies while in the passenger seat of a vehicle.

A Tazed of Your Own Medicine
Kill a Taser with either the Buzzer or Electrical Brass Knuckles melee weapons.

A Moment of Silence
In the Breakin' Feds job, don't alert or kill any guards until Commissioner Garrett used the toilet on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Stalker
In the Breakin' Feds job, have Commissioner Garrett marked at all time after he left his office, until you have opened his safe.

Staple Relationship
In the Breakin' Feds job, find, rescue and return the stapler to the small office.

Heisting on the Salt Flats
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Red Button
In the Henry's Rock job, push the red button and escape.

Hidden Secrets
You found something really weird.

Boom, Headshot!
In the Henry's Rock job, headshot all five test mannequins in the Weapons Lab using a Pistol and/or Akimbo Pistols within 3 seconds.

Going once...
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Auction Cry
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job in stealth within 5 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Heavy Metal
In the Shacklethorne Auction job, use the metal detectors to find a civilian that is carrying something heavy. Unlocks the "Monkey Wrench" melee weapon.

Last Meal
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Another Way Out
In the Hell's Island job, Free all of the prisoners in Cell Block A before opening Bain's cell on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

...or was it the blue one?
In the No Mercy job, cut the correct wire opening the ICU door security system.

Keeping the Cool
Complete the No Mercy job on the hard difficulty or above without raising the alarm before reaching the ICU.

Nyctophobia
Complete the No Mercy on the hard difficulty or above, getting the power back up within 5 seconds of it being shut down.

A Heist to Remember
Find a fitting souvenir from The White House job and take it with you.

Big Brother
Complete The White House job in stealth and without destroying a single camera on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

President For a Day
Complete The White House job while wearing any presidential mask on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hack This!
In the Henry's Rock job, destroy the security turrets instead of shutting them down on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Settling a Scar
Complete the Scarface Mansion job within 15 minutes in loud on the OVERKILL difficulty and above.

Out Of Bounds
On day 2 of the Watchdogs job, secure 12 bags without letting any law enforcer enter the warehouse on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

What's in the Box?
On the White Xmas job open 40 packages before escaping on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Once Upon a Down in Mexico
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Cooking in the Sun
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Free Shipping and Handling
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Hard difficulty or above.

A Dish Best Served Hot
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Kings and Queens of Crystal
Complete the Border Crystals job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

If You Can't Stand The Heat, Get Out Of The Meth Lab
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

There is Sand in My Meth!
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

With a Bite of Habanero
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

No Coming Back for Seconds
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Identity Theft
In the Border Crossing job, find 4 murkywater uniforms. Unlocks the "Murkywater Uniform" Outfit.

Two-Step Verification
In the Border Crossing job, secure all 4 pieces of the Roman armor and complete the heist. Unlocks the "Hippika" Mask.

Heister Cocinero
In the Border Crystals job, escape the heist with 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Mariachis Have More Fun
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Normal difficulty or above. Unlocks the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Is That a Gun or a Guitar?
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Dust Devil" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Keep Playing to the Sound of Money
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Guitars And ARs
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Skin of the Saint" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Play Me a Narcocorrido
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Your Gunfire is Drowning out my Trumpet
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Teotihuacan" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Mariachi Day
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks the "Calavera" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

The Ballad of San Martín
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Now Hit Me With The Music
The rhythm is the boss. Unlocks the "Sombrero" Mask.

Gunpowder Glory
In the San Martín Bank job, let the heist go loud before anyone enters the bank and keep all enemies away from the fountain plaza until the escape is available on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Skull White" weapon color.

Worthy of Permanent Display
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on The Diamond heist.

Leaving Tijuana
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Low Murder Rate
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job in stealth without killing anyone. Unlocks the "Desert" weapon color.

Stolen Valor
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, find and steal all the medals in one run. Unlocks the "Cave" weapon color.

A Different Kind of Masquerade
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Plain Old Tequila
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Hard difficulty or above.

You Ate the Worm
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Tropic Thunder
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Impresario" Outfit.

Coyopa Conundrum
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Murder on the Island
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Mansion Basher
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Sunset Serenade
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Everything but the Patio Furniture
In the Buluc's Mansion job, secure all available loot bags in stealth.

Becoming Masterful
Reach the fiftieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Professional
Reach the seventy-fifth rank of Infamy.

Becoming a King Among Thieves
Reach the hundredth rank of Infamy.

Only For Us Naughty Heisters
Find the hidden presents in the Border Crossing, San Martín Bank, Breakfast in Tijuana, and Buluc's Mansion jobs. Unlocks the "Mega Sangres" mask.

Keep Breathing that Fresh Air
In the Dragon Heist job, do not let the cops start trigger the gas attack.

All the Gold in Chinatown
In the Dragon Heist job, collect all the loot and escape without triggering the alarm on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Speed Lizard
Complete the Dragon Heist job in 6 minutes or less on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Buzzbomb
While wearing the "Cable Guy" outfit, kill 200 enemies using electric melee weapons on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "X1-ZAPper" Throwable Grenade.

Easy Release
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Cupcake Rescuer
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Free our Ukrainian!
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Vlad's Hero
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Leave No Ukrainian Behind
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Container Cracker
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Dockland Raider
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Take care of Your Frenemies
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Thinking Ahead
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and steal what Yufu Wang has hidden away.

Just to Cheese Them Off
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and destroy all dragon vases.

This Calls for a Round of Sputniks!
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, kill at least 100 enemies with a sniper rifle and complete the level with 100% or higher accuracy on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Cloaker Charmer
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, while wearing "PNV BriteNite" mask and kill at least one Cloaker. Unlocks the "Cloaker Mascot" Weapon Charm.

Land Lubber Pickpocket
Complete the Black Cat job on the Normal difficulty or above.

First Mate of Thieving
Complete the Black Cat job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Captain Heister
Complete the Black Cat job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Master of the Poop Deck
Complete the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

All the Loot (and the Seafood Buffet Too)
Complete the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Death on the High Seas
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sink the Titanic
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Second Star to the Right, then Straight On 'Til Morning
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Swimming Cat, Silent Burglar
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in stealth while you and your crew used only melee weapons.

Master of Floatation
In the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above, throw 8 body bags overboard and complete the heist in stealth without having killed any civilians.

Secret Sea Safecracker
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and open Xun Kang's secret safe.

One Claw Beam Cutter
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in loud having used only one saw at the time to cut the vault beams.

Bloody Grinch
Complete the Breakin' Feds heist or the Buluc's Mansion heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above in stealth and everyone on your crew dressed in Christmas outfits and masks, without using any pagers. Because nobody has ever seen Santa. Unlocks the "Lightbringer" Weapon Charm.

Gift Giver
Get 75 kills with any non-explosive throwable weapon. Unlocks the "Bulbous Bauble" Weapon Charm.

CAR vs. Car
Destroy a SWAT van turret using only the CAR-4 rifle. Unlocks the "Longbore" Exclusive Weapon Set for the CAR-4 rifle.

The Door Was Open
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Rent-Free Living
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Hard difficulty or above.

High-End Rent
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Hard Earned Living
Complete the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Homewrecker
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Tu casa es mi casa
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Overstayed Your Welcome
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Killer Pad
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Crouching Bomber, Hidden Flamer
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member wearing a variant of the dragon bomber suit, kill Yufu Wang in loud using only flamethrowers and steal his mask. Unlocks the "Mountain Master Crown" mask.

Did You Inhale Some Demon Speed?
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and press the 3 buttons on the roof within 2 minutes of activating the timer, while in stealth.

For The Mad Hatter
Collect and secure the tea sets from all heists in the City of Gold campaign. Unlocks the "Laohu Dashi" Outfit.

No Gnome Left Behind
In the Mountain Master job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, find someone in need of a lift, and help him to the helicopter, while playing in loud.

Plague Doctor
Kill 200 enemies using poison on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, while wearing the Scrubs outfit. Unlocks the "Viper Grenade" throwable.

Caddyshacked
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, kill 100 enemies with a golf cart.

Marshal Law
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, use the turret to kill 4 US Marshal Sharpshooters.

Field Test
Kill 500 enemies with the Hailstorm Mk 5's Volley Shot mode. Unlocks the "Prototype Conversion Kit".

Heister With A Shotgun
Kill 1000 enemies with either version of the VD-12. Unlocks the "Stateside Conversion Kit".

Snake Charmer
Kill 100 enemies with the Viper Grenade throwable on Overkill difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Tombstone Slug" for shotguns.

Tabula Railroad
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above in Loud, with each crew member wearing a two-piece suit, wielding a Castigo .44 Revolver with a Mosconi 12G shotgun, and using no equipped skills.

Billy The Kid
In the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, get 5 enemy headshot kills within 10 seconds using a revolver.

Victimless Crime
Complete the Lost In Transit job without raising the alarm or killing anyone.

Bad Company
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Product Displacement
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Hard difficulty or above.

You’ve Got Blackmail
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Carbon Captured
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Back to the Lab
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

For a Rainey Day
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Que sera, SERA
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Corporate Espionage
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Texas Treasures, Part 3
In the Hostile Takeover job, use the USB stick to find and open the hidden safe and steal the content.

System Shocked
In the Hostile Takeover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, while remaining in the flooded lab, lure at least 50 enemies to a shocking death.

Payday Kart 64
In the Hostile Takeover job, use golf carts to smash every shuttle pick up sign in numerical order in under 1 minute.

Just Passing Through
Complete the Hostile Takeover job in stealth within 7 minutes on solo, or 4 minutes on multiplayer, on the OVERKILL difficulty and above without killing any civilians.

Seagulls Aren’t Real
In the Crude Awakening job, find and remove all the seagulls without raising the alarm.

Texas Treasures, Part 4
In the Crude Awakening job, use the blueprint to access a passcode to Gabriel’s most valuable asset. Unlocks the "Texas Treasures" Suit and the "Midland Memoriam" mask.

Cash Liquidation
In the Crude Awakening job, throw all of Alice Rainey’s money into the ocean and then pick it up with your boat.

The Right Stuff
In the Crude Awakening job, find the purest sample of the correct oil batch on the first try.

Oops is this a leak?
Too bad we lost the tape to patch it.