Painting Yourself Into a Corner
On day 1 of the Framing Frame job, steal all sold paintings without being seen.

Big Deal
On day 2 of the Framing Frame job, trade 9 paintings.

I Wasn't Even There!
On day 3 of the Framing Frame job, send the gold by zip-line without ever tripping the alarm.

Guessing Game
On day 2 of the Firestarter job, complete the heist in stealth without hacking the computer.

King of the Hill
In the Park escape, ensure that no law enforcement enters the park before the escape van arrives.

You Shall Not Pass!
In the Overpass escape, don't let the cops set foot on the bridge before you can escape.

They See Me Baggin', They Hatin'
On the Garage escape, get away with 8 bags.

I Am the One Who Knocks
On day 1 of the Rats job, cook 3 bags worth of meth without letting any law enforcer enter the house.

Afraid of the Dark
On day 3 of the Framing Frame job, while doing plan B, don't let law enforcers pull the power.

From Russia With Love
While wearing the "Mark" mask, complete 25 of Vlad's jobs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

If You Liked It You Should Have Put a Ring on It
Complete any Armored Transport heist, Having Secured at Least 9 Bags of Gold.

I Do What I Do Best, I Take Scores
While wearing the "Hockey Heat" mask, complete any Armored Transport heist 15 times on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Let Them Watch
Complete the Transport: Train Heist without any of your crew members killing any enemy snipers.

I'm Not a Crook!
While wearing the "37th" mask, kill 69 snipers using the Commando 553 rifle.

I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Bulldozer
While wearing the "42nd" mask, trade 7 civilians.

Fool Me Once, Shame on -Shame on You. Fool Me - You Can't Get Fooled Again
While wearing the "43rd" mask, kill 95 Shields using the Swedish K submachine gun.

Commando
While wearing the "Arnold" mask, kill 100 enemies using only the UAR rifle.

All Eggs in One Basket
In the GO Bank job, have the plane pick up all bags of cash with the skyhook.

We Are All Professionals
In the GO Bank job, complete the heist without the alarm going off and without killing any civilians on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Becoming Notorious
Reach the fourth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Vicious
Reach the fifth rank of Infamy.

Doctor Miserable
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, complete the heist with the last engine being correct on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

In Town You're the Law, Out Here It's Me
Kill a jump kicking Cloaker using any shotgun.

Came in Like a Wrecking Ball
Complete the Mallcrasher job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Like a Fucking Sputnik!
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Highway to Hell
Complete all of Hector's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Changing the World...
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

… For Better or Worse
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

At a Crossroads
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Long-Term Relationship
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Tough Act to Follow
Complete all contracts on the Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Hard Skull" mask.

Shit Just Got Real
Complete all contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Very Hard Skull" mask.

Completely OVERKILL!
Complete all contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The OVERKILL Skull" mask.

OVERKILL Salutes You!
Complete all contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Death Wish Skull" mask.

Breaking Bad
Complete the Rats job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Moonlighting
Complete the Framing Frame job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

I'm a Swinger
In the Election Day job, complete the heist in stealth and swing the votes to the republican favor.

Storage Hunter
On day 2 of the Election Day job, steal all of the extra loot in the storage bins.

Death Wish Swinger
In the Election Day job, complete the heist in stealth and swing the votes to the republican favor on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hot Lava 2.0
On day 1 of the Election Day job, use the computer in stealth without ever touching the ground.

Ghost Riders
Complete a heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different difficulty mask each.

The Man With the Golden Gun
Kill 6 Skulldozers using only the golden AK.762 rifle.

I Will Fade to Dark
In the Shadow Raid job, secure 4 bags of loot.

I Will Pass Through Walls
In the Shadow Raid job, secure at least 6 bags of loot and escape without killing anyone.

I Will Take With Impunity
In the Shadow Raid job, secure a piece of every available type of loot, including money, gold, cocaine, artifact, painting, weapons and server.

I Will Walk Faceless Among Men
In the Shadow Raid job, secure all 4 pieces of the samurai armor. Unlocks the "Somen Mempo" mask.

I Am Ninja
In the Shadow Raid job, secure 16 bags of random loot including all 4 pieces of the samurai armor.

I Will Die and Die, and Die Again
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Backing Bobblehead Bob
Bring Bobblehead Bob to the vault. Unlocks "The 18th" mask, the "Gemstone" material, the "God of War" pattern and the "Wooden Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Entrapment
In the Big Bank job, complete the heist with 12 bags in the default escape with all the lasers active. Unlocks the "CQB Foregrip" for the Falcon rifle.

Funding Father
Complete any heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Big Bank" mask each. Unlocks the "Marksman Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Four Monkeys
In the Rats job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Shotgun Pack" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Unusual Suspects
In the Watchdogs job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Assault Pack mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Light Foregrip" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Tactical Foregrip" for the Gewehr 3 rifle, "Long Barrel" for the Clarion rifle, "Void" material and "Death" pattern.

Wrong Number
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

State of the Art
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

No Bars Can Hold Me
Complete the Hoxton Breakout job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sixth Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Wind of Change
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Historical" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Discreet Stock" and "Short Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Precision Barrel" for the Broomstick pistol, "Extended Mag" and "Long Barrel" for the Patchett L2A1 submachine gun and the "Heatsinked Suppressed Barrel" for the Buzzsaw 42 light machine gun.

Like Turkeys Voting for an Early Christmas
Complete the White Xmas job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Riders On the Snowstorm
In the White Xmas job, complete the heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above while each crew member wears a different "2014 Xmas" mask each. Unlocks the "Almir's Beard" mask.

Impossible, It Can't Be. Is It?
In the White Xmas job, secure the rare Almir's Toast.

Devil of a Job
Complete The Diamond job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Cat Burglar
In The Diamond job, complete the heist without triggering the alarm. Unlocks "The Cursed One" mask, "Sand" material and "Hieroglyphs" pattern.

Culture Vultures
In The Diamond job, secure 10 bags of additional loot. Unlocks the "Medusa" mask, "Rusting Metal" material and "Runes" pattern.

Smoke and Mirrors
In The Diamond job, steal the Diamond and escape in under 10 minutes. Unlocks the "Pazuzu" mask, "Diamond" material and "Horus" pattern.

Honor Among Thieves
In The Diamond job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Diamond Heist" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Diamonds in the Rough
In The Diamond job, complete the heist, diamond puzzle and steal the Diamond after the alarm has been triggered on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Anubis" mask, "Mummy Bandages" material and "Hawk Helm" pattern.

Tabula Rasa
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Golden AK.762 rifles and Chicago Typewriter submachine guns. Unlocks a new skill slot.

A Pine in the Ass
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Pump It Up
In The Bomb: Forest job, do not let the cops disconnect the water hose while you are using the river water pump. Unlocks the "Tech Lion" mask, "Marble Rock" material and "Lion Game Lion" pattern.

Oppressor
Complete The Bomb: Forest job without letting any civilian flee or die, having at least five civilians in the heist, while escaping with the boat. Unlocks "The Doctor" mask, "Plywood" material and "Caduceus" pattern.

Fisherman's Fiend
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sneaking With the Fishes
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job in stealth on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Butcher" mask, "Rhino" material and "Checker Board" pattern.

Breaking Dead
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, find the meth lab. Unlocks the "Extended Mag" for the LEO pistol.

I've Got the Power
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, don't let the enemies cut the power. Unlocks the "Long Slide" for the LEO pistol.

Here Comes the Pain Train
In the Firestarter job, complete the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, with all days done in loud and with a crew of 4 players using unmodified "AK Rifle" rifles and "PARA" submachine guns. Unlocks the "DMR Kit AK.762" and the "Low Drag Magazine" for the AK weapon family, "Timothy" mask, "Prehistoric" material and "Dinosaur Stripes" pattern.

The Wolf Lures You to Your Grave
In the Art Gallery job, kill two of the patrolling guards in stealth in the bathroom. Unlocks the "E.M.O. Foregrip" and the "OVAL Foregrip" for the CAR weapon family and the "Aftermarket Shorty" for the PARA submachine gun.

The Turtle Always Wins
In the Art Gallery job, complete the heist in stealth within 4 minutes with each crew member wearing the Improved Combined Tactical Vest and no Armor Bag deployable equipped. Unlocks the "Classic Stock" for the AK weapon family, "2 Piece Stock" for the AK and CAR weapon families, "Pachy" mask, "Fossil" material and "Prehistoric Predator" pattern.

Becoming Villainous
Reach the sixth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Abominable
Reach the seventh rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fiendish
Reach the eighth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Heinous
Reach the ninth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Mean
Reach the tenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Dangerous
Reach the eleventh rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fearless
Reach the twelfth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Nefarious
Reach the thirteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Disreputable
Reach the fourteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fearful
Reach the fifteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Opprobrious
Reach the sixteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Shady
Reach the seventeenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Savage
Reach the eighteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Abhorrent
Reach the nineteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Sly
Reach the twentieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Crafty
Reach the twenty-first rank of Infamy.

Becoming Shameless
Reach the twenty-second rank of Infamy.

Becoming Diabolical
Reach the twenty-third rank of Infamy.

Becoming Ferocious
Reach the twenty-fourth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Monstrous
Reach the twenty-fifth rank of Infamy.

I Have No Idea What I'm Doing
In the Shadow Raid job, complete the heist in stealth while having the Vulcan Minigun and HRL-7 Rocket Launcher equipped.

We Are Rockstars On This Job
Complete the Watchdogs job with each crew member using no skills, wielding the AMCAR Rifle and Chimano 88 Pistol on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

120 Proof
Kill 120 or more enemies in any day in a heist, with you and your four man crew having at least 120% crew accuracy at the end of the heist.

Wasteful
On day 1 of the Firestarter job, complete heist having burned all weapons on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Situation Normal
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete day 2 without using a single keycard on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

It's Getting Hot in Here
In the Firestarter job, complete day 3 with you and your crew staying inside the vault while all of the money burns out on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

A Dish Best Served Cold
Complete the Hoxton Revenge job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Silent But Deadly
Complete the Hoxton Revenge job without triggering the alarm.

Pedal to the Metal
Complete the Meltdown job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

They Don't Pay Us Enough
In the Meltdown job, secure all additional loot. Unlocks the "Rad Mutant" mask.

There Was a Car?!
In the Meltdown job, complete the heist without using the "Longfellow".

We Built This City on Electric Progressive House Music
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sound of Silence
Complete The Alesso Heist without your crew killing anyone. Unlocks the "Boom Box" mask, "Enlightenment" material and "Alesso Logo" pattern.

Blind Eye in the Sky
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job in stealth. Unlocks the "Wheeler Dealer" mask, "Stars" material and "Chips" pattern.

City of Sin and Well-Oiled Gears
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job without having the Big Fucking Drill ever break in loud. Unlocks the "Murmillo Galea Helmet" mask, "Casino" material and "Royale" pattern.

High Roller
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job under 14 minutes. Unlocks "The King" mask, "Plush" material and "Cards" pattern.

Hail to the King, Baby
In the Golden Grin Casino job, kill "The King" and complete the heist in stealth. Unlocks the "Sports Utility Mask" mask, "Carpet" material and "Dices" pattern.

Heisters of the Round Table
Complete any heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with 4 players using only Gage Chivalry Pack masks, primary weapons, melee weapons and Ballistic Vests or heavier armors. Unlocks the "Agatha Knight Veteran" mask, "Bloodied" material and "Agatha" pattern.

Black Knight
Kill a black Bulldozer with the Great Sword melee weapon. Unlocks the "Mason Vanguard Veteran" mask, "Forged" material and "Checkered Out" pattern.

Aftershocked
Complete the Aftershock job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hidden Hostages
Complete the First World Bank job with 6 or more hostages alive behind the wall by the elevators in the main lobby.

1337
Complete the First World Bank job in stealth under 13 minutes and 37 seconds.

Cloaker Fear
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above by securing all additional money bags while not using the loot vent bag shortcut for the additional money bags.

CVL+
Complete the First World Bank job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Making a Statement
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without anyone killing a single sniper.

Dead Meat
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Trick or Treat!
In the Lab Rats job, complete the Cloaker event on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Satan" mask.

Not Scary Enough
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hall of the Mountain King
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Clean House
In the Beneath the Mountain job, secure all of the loot from the vaults and mountain-top in the escape helicopter. Unlocks the "Tawhiri" mask, "Flow" material and "Sun Avatar" pattern.

Commando Crew
In the Beneath the Mountain job, open the 4 vaults that contain loot within 10 minutes of starting the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Juggernauts
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without any player going down.

Black Tie Event
Complete the Birth of Sky job, have the entire crew use only pistols and Two Piece Suits on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Santa Slays Slackers
In the Santa's Workshop job, keep all the elves alive for 30 minutes after the first assault starts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Euro Bag Simulator
Complete the Santa's Workshop job after having secured at least 100 bags in the chimney on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Rudelf" mask.

Only Santa Brings Gifts
In the Santa's Workshop job, secure 10 bags of loot without using any player equipment or assets.

We Do It Live!
Complete the Framing Frame job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Platypus 70 sniper rifles and Judge shotguns.

Coffee Stain
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Goat In 60 Seconds
In the first day of the Goat Simulator job, secure 6 goats in the escape truck within 1 minute of it arriving. Unlocks the "Scout Goat" mask, "Goat Eye" material and "Giraffe" pattern.

Hazzard County
Complete day 2 of the Goat Simulator job within 4 minutes from when the escape car is available. Unlocks the "Goat Goat" mask, "Flamingo Eye" material and "Illumigoati" pattern.

BAAaa...*BANG*...aaAAH
In the Goat Simulator job, throw a goat in the air, kill one enemy and catch the goat before it lands. Unlocks the "Mastermind Goat" mask, "Hay" material and "Goat Face" pattern.

Farmer Miserable
In day 2 of the Goat Simulator job, send all goats in separate cages on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Slick Goat" mask, "Tongue" material and "Fur" pattern.

Cutting the Red Wire
On the Counterfeit job, disarm the C4 on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Dragon Head" mask, "Days" material and "Kurbits" pattern.

Crowd Control
On the Counterfeit job, have all civilians as hostages until the safe is opened.

Not Even Once
Complete the Undercover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without anyone in your crew getting downed or cuffed.

Keep Clear of the Windows
Complete the Undercover job without killing any Snipers. Unlocks the "Hans" mask, "Red Black" material and "Luse" pattern.

Blow-Out
Complete the Undercover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, using only a grenade launcher or rocket launcher.

Blackout
Complete the Murky Station job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Ghost Run
Complete the Murky Station job within 7 minutes of starting it. Unlocks the "Cloaker-san" mask, "Rusty" material and "Rebel" pattern.

The Pacifist
Complete the Murky Station job without anyone in the crew killing anyone. Unlocks the "Augmentation" mask, "Spaceship" material and "Squares" pattern.

No Witnesses
Complete the Murky Station job by killing all guards and not using any ECM jammers on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Janitor
Complete the Murky Station job after hiding one body bag in each dumpster.

The Ground Is Too Cold
In the Boiling Point job, have no crew members get downed on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zero 68" mask, "Nebula" material and "Hexagons" pattern.

When in Russia... Do as the Russians Do
Complete the Boiling Point job while having your crew wear the "Russian Hat" mask and "Golden AK.762" assault rifle on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

High Times
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, cook 2 bags of meth and secure them.

Looting in the Dark
Complete the Murky Station job by finding and securing all loot without killing anyone on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Kiss the Chef
In the Cook Off job, cook 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

You Got Your Patch!
Complete The Biker Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Let the Man Work
In the first day of The Biker Heist, let Mike the mechanic complete the bike without any interruptions on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Classic" mask, "Hotrod" material and "Engine" pattern.

Full Throttle
Complete day 2 of The Biker Heist within 120 seconds on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Speed Devil" mask, "Devil Eye" material and "Skull Wing" pattern.

Eye for an Eye
On day 2 of The Biker Heist, destroy the helicopter turret. Unlocks the "Road Rage" mask, "Chromey" material and "Biker Face" pattern.

Fifth Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Horrible Seventh Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

His Beard Was as White as Coke
Complete the White Xmas job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

;)
Complete the White Xmas job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Can You See The Light?
Complete the Aftershock job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Disaster Tourist
Complete the Aftershock job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Put It on Repeat
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dance Dance GenSec
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Know What I Like
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Painting with Blood
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

All About the Green
Complete the Bank Heist: Cash job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Blood is Thicker Than Murkywater
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Not Radical Enough For You?
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Who Killed the Lights?
Complete the Big Oil job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dirty Energy
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Harley Harley Harley Wroom! Davidson
Complete The Biker Heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Highly Mother-Fucking-Dangerous
Complete The Biker Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Making it Rain
Complete the Birth of Sky job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

What Are You Sinking About
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Ship It
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Cut Down Trees, I Skip and Jump
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Keep Your Feet on the Ground
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Bodhi's Pool Repair Crew
Complete the Counterfeit job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Only Losers Play Fair
Complete the Election Day job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Just Walk Straight Into the Bank
Complete the First World Bank job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

First World Problems
Complete the First World Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

What a Flat!
Complete the Framing Frame job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Frames Per Second?
Complete the Framing Frame job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

There is no Goat Level
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

You Goat to be Kidding Me...
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Ocean's Four
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Dennis' Menace
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Wankers Beware
Complete the Hoxton Breakout job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Still Got That Lucky Dollar?
Complete the Hoxton Breakout job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Not the Forgiving Kind
Complete the Hoxton Revenge job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Rats and Meatballs
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

I Survived Lab Rats with One Down And All I Got Was This Achievement
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I'll Break Your Malls
Complete the Mallcrasher job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Now is the Nuclear Winter of Our Discontent
Complete the Meltdown job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dr. Strangevlad
Complete the Meltdown job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

It's Just Drones On And On
Complete the Murky Station job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

EMPathy
Complete the Murky Station job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Captain Cook
Complete the Rats job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

My Chemical Brothers
Complete the Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

On my Twelfth Try with One Down, The True Pain Began
Complete the Santa's Workshop job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Shadows Are Your Friends
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Like Taking Candy From a Heavily Armed Military Force
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Slaughterfest
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Day at the Museum
Complete The Diamond job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

The Jonssonligan
Complete The Diamond job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Why Did The Heister Cross The Road?
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Upstanding Citizen
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Sad Vlad is Bad
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

For the Republic
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Democracy at Work
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Colombian Imports
Complete all of Hector's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

We Can Trust This Guy
Complete all of Hector's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Trusted Friends
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Crime.net is My Homepage
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Master of Mayhem
Complete all contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Mayhem Skull" mask.

A Heister of Legend
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks "The Death Sentence Skull" mask.

Cardio Training
Complete Panic Room while having the entire crew on the roof when the escape triggers and open the basement door within 20 sec.

The Dentist Delight
In the Panic Room job, find and secure the giant toothbrush.

Don't You Dare Miss
Complete Panic Room on any difficulty with a total crew hit accuracy above 200%

Crouched and Hidden, Flying Dagger
Kill 8 guards with the Throwing Knife while crouching on the Murky Station job. The heist must be completed for any kills to count. Unlocks the "Hotelier" mask, "Club Lights" material and "Piety" pattern.

For Daisy
Complete the Firestarter job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with your crew using only the Contractor Pistol. Unlocks the "Daisy" mask, "Dog Fur" material and "Daisies" pattern.

Nightmare Machine
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

All Cloakers Eve
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Haunted House of Heisters
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Salem Asylum
On the Prison Nightmare job, get on the train in less than 4 min and 44 sec on the Mayhem difficulty or above. You have to have played the heist from the start. Unlocks the "Risen Wolf" mask.

A Long Night of Horrors
Complete the Prison Nightmare job, getting at least 15 keycards on the Mayhem difficulty or above without any player ever going into custody. Unlocks the "Risen Chains" mask.

He's Got Experience
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Hard difficulty or above by having 1 player playing as Hoxton, all having Nova's Shank melee weapon equipped, and are only allowed to kill enemies using Nova's Shank. Unlocks the "Risen Houston" mask.

Let Them Fly
Kill 50 Snipers with the Arbiter Grenade Launcher while using the standard ammo type.

The Grinch
On the Stealing Xmas job, secure all additional loot on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Christmas Party
On the Stealing Xmas job, escape the heist while keeping at least 10 zip-tied civilians alive within the 4 pillars around the Christmas tree.

You Cockroaches Wanna Play Rough?
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Every Dog Has His Day
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Say Good Night to the Bad Guy
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Say Hello to My Big Friend
On the Scarface Mansion job, kill the boss with the Commando 101 Rocket Launcher on the OVERKILL difficulty and above. Unlocks the "Panthera Tigris" mask, "Black Marble" material and "Diablada" pattern.

Look at These Pelicans Fall
On the Scarface Mansion job, find and shoot the two pink flamingos. Unlocks the "Exalted" mask, "Oxidized Copper" material and "Liberty Flame" pattern.

What? You Want Me to Dance?
Complete the Scarface Mansion job in stealth in 13 minutes or less on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Barrori Flex" mask, "Red Velvet" material and "Coin" pattern.

Fierce Protection
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Vengeful Rain
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Valkyries
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Apartment Sniper
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, by having all team members using Sniper Rifles and the OVE9000 saws on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Rendezvous With Destiny
On the Brooklyn 10-10 job, reach Charon within 6 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Liberty" mask, "Underground Neon" material and "Baba Yaga" pattern.

Hammerhead
Complete The Yacht Heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Great White
Complete The Yacht Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Leviathan
Complete The Yacht Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Pacifish
Complete The Yacht Heist without killing anyone. Unlocks the "Sailor" mask, "Neon Blue" material and "Hotel Pattern" pattern.

Blood in the Water
Complete The Yacht Heist after having killed every security guard on the boat. Unlocks the "Captain" mask, "Black Suede" material and "Continental" pattern.

We Don't Need No Water...
Complete the Heat Street job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Running the Gauntlet
Complete the Heat Street job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hills Street Blues
Complete the Heat Street job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Zookeeper
On the Heat Street job, find and steal all animal posters and escape.

Patience is Key
Complete the Heat Street job without using any gas cans.

It's Nice to be Nice
Complete the Heat Street job without killing any civilians on the Hard difficulty or above.

Caution! Wet Floors
On the Green Bridge job, escort the convict from the van to the scaffolding while never touching the ground, on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Criminal Origins
Complete all contracts on the Normal difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Normal Skull" mask.

Hacking Crime.net
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Hello To You, My New Friends
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

Mercenary for Hire
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Locke & Load
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Drain the Swamp
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

FUBAR
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Completed, Fo' Sho'
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Destruction From Within
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Arctic Backstab
Complete the Alaskan Deal job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Treason in Alaskan
Complete the Alaskan Deal job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Fuel Must Flow
In the Alaskan Deal job don't let the cops cut off the flow of fuel from the tank to the ship on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hello, My Friends!
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Ally From the East
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

On the Rise
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Madman Absolution
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Bring it Back Safe
Complete the Aftershock job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Now We Know What a Goat Sounds Like
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Hard difficulty or above.

You Goat Away
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Golf Oscar Alpha Tango Sierra
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Well Done
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Prime Cuts
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

As Fit as a Butcher's Dog
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Everybody Owes, Everybody Pays
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Smooth Sailing
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

The World is Yours
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

PAYDAY: The Heist
Complete all Classic contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Reminds Me of Myself Back in the Day!
Complete all Classic contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Glory Days
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

145+ Down
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Ghetto Bonfire
Complete the Heat Street job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Noise Complaint
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Baba Yaga
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Nobody is That Good...
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Flawless
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Doctor of Crime
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Out of the Jaws of Death
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Jaw Dropping
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Cursed Stone
Complete The Diamond job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Friends in High Places
Complete all of the Elephant's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

iding With Style
Complete The Biker Heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Picture Perfect
Complete the Framing Frame job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

The Heisters Day Out
Complete all Event contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Expanded Reality
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

And Now for Something Completely Different
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Welcoming the Neighbors
Complete the Safe House Raid on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Truly Hardcore
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

This is Fucking War Baby!
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

White Death
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Take Out His Beating Heart, and Fucking Eat It!
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Washed My Hands in Murky Water
Complete the Murky Station job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

We Started Real Low...
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Man in the Shadows
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

4 Man Army
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

We've Become the Bain of their Existence!
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Heisting By Numbers
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Art Attack
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Art Lovers
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Stealing Is a Form of Art
Complete the Art Gallery job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Is There Anyone There?
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Murky Deals
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Shinobi Wibe
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Like a Shimmer Through the Night
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Precious Stones
Complete the Diamond Heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Shiny Pieces of Carbon
Complete the Diamond Heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Well Guarded Jewels
Complete the Diamond Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

A Hard Won Price
Complete the Diamond Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Blood Diamond
On the Diamond Heist secure the red diamond on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Dead Change
Steal from the Dead.

The Hunt for the Blue Sapphires
On the Diamond Heist find and pick up every sapphire outside the vault on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Parental Guidance Suggested
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Shot of Rabies
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

More Blood than Bullets
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Every Heister Has His Day
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

United We Heist
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using only the Union 5.56 Rifle.

Get Off My Property
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, keep the law enforcers from entering the warehouse until Twitch arrives with the escape van.

Pinky Swear
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, escort Mr. Pink back to the warehouse within 60 seconds after rescuing him from the car on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Waste Not, Want Not
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, loot and secure all available bags of diamonds and jewelry in the Garnet Group boutique on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Close Shave
On the Reservoir Dogs job, kill 92 special enemies with the Alabama Razor on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hidden Treasures
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Layers of Copper
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Layers of Iron
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Brooklyn Battle
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Obsessive Opening
On the Brooklyn Bank Job open at least 30 deposit boxes and all 3 ATMs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Felis Lynx" mask and the "Ursus Maritimus" mask.

Animal Kingdom
On the Brooklyn Bank job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Brooklyn Bank animal mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

One More Down, No More To Go
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated. Unlocks "The One Down Skull" mask.

Crime.net Expert
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Back in My Days
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Tell Me Why You Fall
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Just an' Old Country Doctor
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

It Always Ends the Same
Complete all of Hector's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Home is Where the Battle is
Complete all of Jimmy's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vernon's Shenanigans
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Explosive Personality
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Pleasure Doing Business With You
Complete all of The Continental's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

The Second Statesman
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vlad Will Sing You a Song
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Megalodon
Complete The Yacht Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Seventh Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vlad's First Response Team
Complete the Aftershock job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Boreal Betrayal
Complete the Alaskan Deal job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

F Sharp
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Connoisseurs of the Fine Arts
Complete the Art Gallery job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Bunker Buddies
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Slick Heisting
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Pain Train
Complete The Biker Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Theft From Above
Complete the Birth of Sky job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Prepare to be Boarded
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Make Like a Tree...and Get Out of Here
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Once Upon A Time in the Old Neighborhood
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Layers of Steel
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

An incident Over on Keel Street
Complete the Counterfeit job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Bad Code
Complete the Diamond Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Cursed Wealth
Complete The Diamond job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Supporting Your Candidate
Complete the Election Day job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Bank on Me
Complete the First World Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

An Artful Heist
Complete the Framing Frame job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

GOTs!
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

The House Doesn't Always Win
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Sticky Asphalt
Complete the Heat Street job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Yes, I Rather Like Hurting Other People, Thank You For Asking
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Hoxit
Complete the Hoxton Breakout job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

The UnSafe House
Complete the Hoxton Revenge job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Petty Crimes
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Throwing a Tantrum
Complete the Mallcrasher job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

A Magnitude of Trouble
Complete the Meltdown job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

DIY EMP
Complete the Murky Station job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

On the Edge of Madness
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Exterminator
Complete the Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Clowns to the Left of Me, Jokers to the Right
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Castle Doctrine
Complete the Safe House Raid on the Death Sentence difficulty.

By a Christmas Miracle
Complete the Santa's Workshop job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Casa de Palma
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Operation: PayNight
Complete the Shadow Raid job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Lots of Pigs, But no Pigs
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

See You at the Crossroads
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Drunk Flying
Complete the White Xmas job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

I Will Succeed With Dignity
In the Shadow Raid job, complete the heist without using any pre-planning favors on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Just Shut up and Take My Money!
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, hit the cashier in the Garnet Group boutique with the Money Bundle melee weapon.

Golden Grin Anonymous
Spend at least a $1,000,000,000 in the Offshore Payday.

Quick Draw
In the Panic Room job, kill all gangsters within 60 seconds after masking up on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Remember, No Russian
In the Boiling Point job, scan all 4 bodies without letting the mercenaries turn off the power or stop the scanner on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Damn it, Bile...
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, have Bile trigger the alarm.

Masterpiece
In the Art Gallery job, secure all paintings in stealth without killing any security guards.

Say Hello To My Halloween Friend!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, Acquire all 7 "Deadly Sins" masks.

Faster! Faster! I can do it faster!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, open at least 6 safes in a single run on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

I Feel Like Robin Hood!
Complete the Undercover job with every crew member using only a bow without any modifications on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Expert Landing
In the Birth of Sky job, have all players land on the roof of any building, car or other structure and together get 200 kills before ever touching the ground on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Donut Run
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Cordial Infiltration
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Breaking Protocol
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Sticking it to the Commissioner
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Don't Wake the Feds
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Crimes and Misdemeanors
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

The Fall of Solomon
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Garrett's Foil
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

A Moment of Silence
In the Breakin' Feds job, don't alert or kill any guards until Commissioner Garrett used the toilet on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Stalker
In the Breakin' Feds job, have Commissioner Garrett marked at all time after he left his office, until you have opened his safe.

Staple Relationship
In the Breakin' Feds job, find, rescue and return the stapler to the small office.

Not in Kansas Anymore
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Heisting on the Salt Flats
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Red Button
In the Henry's Rock job, push the red button and escape.

Hidden Secrets
You found something really weird.

Boom, Headshot!
In the Henry's Rock job, headshot all five test mannequins in the Weapons Lab using a Pistol and/or Akimbo Pistols within 3 seconds.

Salem's Lot
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hey, you guys!
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Even Death May Die
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Never Say Die
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Going once...
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Auction Cry
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job in stealth within 5 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Heavy Metal
In the Shacklethorne Auction job, use the metal detectors to find a civilian that is carrying something heavy. Unlocks the "Monkey Wrench" melee weapon.

Laundry Duty
Complete the Hell's Island job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Too Many License Plates
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Escape from Alcatraz
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Death Wish difficulty or above

Call from the Mayor
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Last Meal
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

A General Practitioner of the Medical Art
Complete the No Mercy job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Couple of Fellows
Complete the No Mercy job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Attending the Ill and Sick
Complete the No Mercy job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Consulting the Chief Physician
Complete the No Mercy job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Filing for Malpractice
Complete the No Mercy job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

...or was it the blue one?
In the No Mercy job, cut the correct wire opening the ICU door security system.

Keeping the Cool
Complete the No Mercy job on the hard difficulty or above without raising the alarm before reaching the ICU.

Nyctophobia
Complete the No Mercy on the hard difficulty or above, getting the power back up within 5 seconds of it being shut down.

Setting Your Sights On 1600 Penn
Complete The White House job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Hearing in Congress
Complete The White House job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Night at the Theater
Complete The White House job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Party Like it's 1812
Complete The White House job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Taking the Oval Office in Style
Complete The White House job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

A Heist to Remember
Find a fitting souvenir from The White House job and take it with you.

Big Brother
Complete The White House job in stealth and without destroying a single camera on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

President For a Day
Complete The White House job while wearing any presidential mask on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hostage Situation
In the Diamond Store job, don't let any civilians escape, die or leave the Diamond store. Until all bags of loot from the diamond store are secured on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Attacked Helicopter
In the Green Bridge job, kill the helicopter turret before the plane picks up the prisoner on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hack This!
In the Henry's Rock job, destroy the security turrets instead of shutting them down on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Let them Boogie
Complete the Nightclub job, without setting off the alarm on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Settling a Scar
Complete the Scarface Mansion job within 15 minutes in loud on the OVERKILL difficulty and above.

What's in the Box?
On the White Xmas job open 40 packages before escaping on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Stroll Across the Border
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Normal difficulty or above.

A Morning Like Any Other
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Blood on the Sand
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Like Walking in With a Guitar Case Full of Guns
Complete the Border Crossing job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Export Tax
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Satan's Lapdog
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Death in the Desert
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Once Upon a Down in Mexico
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

There is Sand in My Meth!
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

With a Bite of Habanero
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

No Coming Back for Seconds
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Identity Theft
In the Border Crossing job, find 4 murkywater uniforms. Unlocks the "Murkywater Uniform" Outfit.

Two-Step Verification
In the Border Crossing job, secure all 4 pieces of the Roman armor and complete the heist. Unlocks the "Hippika" Mask.

Heister Cocinero
In the Border Crystals job, escape the heist with 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Play Me a Narcocorrido
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Your Gunfire is Drowning out my Trumpet
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Teotihuacan" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Mariachi Day
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks the "Calavera" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

The Ballad of San Martín
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Now Hit Me With The Music
The rhythm is the boss. Unlocks the "Sombrero" Mask.

Silencioso y Codicioso
In the San Martín Bank job, complete the heist in stealth having secured all loot and emptied all deposit boxes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Dollar Green" weapon color.

No Heisters Here, Just Us Dinosaurs
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 5 of Holdout on The Diamond heist.

This Hostage Belongs in a Museum
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7of Holdout on The Diamond heist.

Worthy of Permanent Display
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on The Diamond heist.

Seven Mexican Standoffs
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the San Martín Bank heist.

Federales on the Run
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the San Martín Bank heist.

Get Our Guy
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Prisoner Lost
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Ain't Goin' Out like That
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

No Taming a Coyote
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

The Food in There Was Awful
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

No Evidence, No Crime
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

We Ride at Dawn
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Leaving Tijuana
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Low Murder Rate
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job in stealth without killing anyone. Unlocks the "Desert" weapon color.

Paid in Full
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, secure all the loot bags.

Stolen Valor
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, find and steal all the medals in one run. Unlocks the "Cave" weapon color.

A Different Kind of Masquerade
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Plain Old Tequila
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Hard difficulty or above.

You Ate the Worm
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Tropic Thunder
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Impresario" Outfit.

Coyopa Conundrum
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Murder on the Island
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Mansion Basher
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Sunset Serenade
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

We Expect You to Die, Mr Buluc
In the Buluc's Mansion job, kill Buluc in a spectacular way.

Everything but the Patio Furniture
In the Buluc's Mansion job, secure all available loot bags in stealth.

Sugar, Lard and Scorpions
Find the churro. Unlocks the "Undead Peacock" mask.

Becoming Masterful
Reach the fiftieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Professional
Reach the seventy-fifth rank of Infamy.

Becoming a King Among Thieves
Reach the hundredth rank of Infamy.

Only For Us Naughty Heisters
Find the hidden presents in the Border Crossing, San Martín Bank, Breakfast in Tijuana, and Buluc's Mansion jobs. Unlocks the "Mega Sangres" mask.

Chase the Dragon
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Wake the Dragon
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Hard difficulty or above.

No Tea Shop Can Stop You
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Dragon Slayer
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Fire Breathing Heister
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Big Trouble, Badder Heister
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Hero of the Underworld
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Keep Breathing that Fresh Air
In the Dragon Heist job, do not let the cops start trigger the gas attack.

All the Gold in Chinatown
In the Dragon Heist job, collect all the loot and escape without triggering the alarm on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Speed Lizard
Complete the Dragon Heist job in 6 minutes or less on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Dragon Snatcher
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Buzzbomb
While wearing the "Cable Guy" outfit, kill 200 enemies using electric melee weapons on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "X1-ZAPper" Throwable Grenade.

Easy Release
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Cupcake Rescuer
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Free our Ukrainian!
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Vlad's Hero
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Leave No Ukrainian Behind
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Container Cracker
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Dockland Raider
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Take care of Your Frenemies
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Thinking Ahead
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and steal what Yufu Wang has hidden away.

Just to Cheese Them Off
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and destroy all dragon vases.

This Calls for a Round of Sputniks!
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, kill at least 100 enemies with a sniper rifle and complete the level with 100% or higher accuracy on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Cloaker Charmer
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, while wearing "PNV BriteNite" mask and kill at least one Cloaker. Unlocks the "Cloaker Mascot" Weapon Charm.

Land Lubber Pickpocket
Complete the Black Cat job on the Normal difficulty or above.

First Mate of Thieving
Complete the Black Cat job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Captain Heister
Complete the Black Cat job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Master of the Poop Deck
Complete the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

All the Loot (and the Seafood Buffet Too)
Complete the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Death on the High Seas
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sink the Titanic
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Second Star to the Right, then Straight On 'Til Morning
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Swimming Cat, Silent Burglar
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in stealth while you and your crew used only melee weapons.

Master of Floatation
In the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above, throw 8 body bags overboard and complete the heist in stealth without having killed any civilians.

Secret Sea Safecracker
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and open Xun Kang's secret safe.

One Claw Beam Cutter
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in loud having used only one saw at the time to cut the vault beams.

Bloody Grinch
Complete the Breakin' Feds heist or the Buluc's Mansion heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above in stealth and everyone on your crew dressed in Christmas outfits and masks, without using any pagers. Because nobody has ever seen Santa. Unlocks the "Lightbringer" Weapon Charm.

Tu casa es mi casa
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Overstayed Your Welcome
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Killer Pad
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Crouching Bomber, Hidden Flamer
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member wearing a variant of the dragon bomber suit, kill Yufu Wang in loud using only flamethrowers and steal his mask. Unlocks the "Mountain Master Crown" mask.

Did You Inhale Some Demon Speed?
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and press the 3 buttons on the roof within 2 minutes of activating the timer, while in stealth.

For The Mad Hatter
Collect and secure the tea sets from all heists in the City of Gold campaign. Unlocks the "Laohu Dashi" Outfit.

No Gnome Left Behind
In the Mountain Master job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, find someone in need of a lift, and help him to the helicopter, while playing in loud.

The Magnificent Four
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

How the Ranch was Won
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Caddyshacked
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, kill 100 enemies with a golf cart.

Lucky Streak
In the Midland Ranch job, find all horseshoes hidden around the ranch.

Marshal Law
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, use the turret to kill 4 US Marshal Sharpshooters.

Texas Treasures
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, acquire a rare treasure.

Field Test
Kill 500 enemies with the Hailstorm Mk 5's Volley Shot mode. Unlocks the "Prototype Conversion Kit".

Heister With A Shotgun
Kill 1000 enemies with either version of the VD-12. Unlocks the "Stateside Conversion Kit".

Lost And Found
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

The Payday Express
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

I Like Trains
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Print The Money And Run
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Texas Treasures, Part 2
In the Lost In Transit job, find the hidden safe locked with the sheriff star and steal the content.

Tabula Railroad
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above in Loud, with each crew member wearing a two-piece suit, wielding a Castigo .44 Revolver with a Mosconi 12G shotgun, and using no equipped skills.

Billy The Kid
In the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, get 5 enemy headshot kills within 10 seconds using a revolver.

Victimless Crime
Complete the Lost In Transit job without raising the alarm or killing anyone.

Texas Treasures, Part 3
In the Hostile Takeover job, use the USB stick to find and open the hidden safe and steal the content.

System Shocked
In the Hostile Takeover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, while remaining in the flooded lab, lure at least 50 enemies to a shocking death.

Payday Kart 64
In the Hostile Takeover job, use golf carts to smash every shuttle pick up sign in numerical order in under 1 minute.

Just Passing Through
Complete the Hostile Takeover job in stealth within 7 minutes on solo, or 4 minutes on multiplayer, on the OVERKILL difficulty and above without killing any civilians.

Seagulls Aren’t Real
In the Crude Awakening job, find and remove all the seagulls without raising the alarm.

Texas Treasures, Part 4
In the Crude Awakening job, use the blueprint to access a passcode to Gabriel’s most valuable asset. Unlocks the "Texas Treasures" Suit and the "Midland Memoriam" mask.

Cash Liquidation
In the Crude Awakening job, throw all of Alice Rainey’s money into the ocean and then pick it up with your boat.

Human Torch
In the Crude Awakening job, kill Gabriel using three oil pits at most on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Gabriel’s Requiem" mask.

The Right Stuff
In the Crude Awakening job, find the purest sample of the correct oil batch on the first try.

Oops is this a leak?
Too bad we lost the tape to patch it.