Caribbean Pirate
On day 2 of the Rats job, bring additional meth bags to the trade but steal your payment instead.

Painting Yourself Into a Corner
On day 1 of the Framing Frame job, steal all sold paintings without being seen.

I Wasn't Even There!
On day 3 of the Framing Frame job, send the gold by zip-line without ever tripping the alarm.

I Knew What I Did Was Wrong
On day 1 of the Big Oil job, enter the basement, open the ATM machines and take the loot.

Doctor Fantastic
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, complete the heist with the first engine being correct.

Guessing Game
On day 2 of the Firestarter job, complete the heist in stealth without hacking the computer.

King of the Hill
In the Park escape, ensure that no law enforcement enters the park before the escape van arrives.

You Shall Not Pass!
In the Overpass escape, don't let the cops set foot on the bridge before you can escape.

I Am the One Who Knocks
On day 1 of the Rats job, cook 3 bags worth of meth without letting any law enforcer enter the house.

Afraid of the Dark
On day 3 of the Framing Frame job, while doing plan B, don't let law enforcers pull the power.

Witch Doctor
While wearing the "Witch" mask from the Halloween event, revive 50 crew members.

It's Alive! IT'S ALIVE!
While wearing the "Frank" mask from the Halloween event, get electrocuted by a Taser 25 times.

Pump-Action
While wearing the "Pumpkin" mask from the Halloween event, kill 666 enemies using only shotguns.

No One Can Hear You Scream
While wearing the "Venomorph" mask from the Halloween event, silently kill 50 enemies using only melee.

The Pumpkin King Made Me Do It!
Kill 666 enemies using only the Interceptor 45 pistol.

From Russia With Love
While wearing the "Mark" mask, complete 25 of Vlad's jobs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Cheerful Child
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the Normal difficulty. Unlocks the "Happy Baby" mask.

Gilliam's Sweet Little Baby
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the Hard difficulty. Unlocks the "Brazil Baby" mask.

Temper Tantrum
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the Very Hard difficulty. Unlocks the "Angry Baby" mask.

Water Works
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the OVERKILL difficulty. Unlocks the "Cry Baby" mask.

We're Gonna Need a Bigger Boat
On the Transport: Train Heist, steal and secure 20 bags worth of ammo.

But Wait - There's More!
On any Armored Transport heist, find the plans for the Train Heist.

If You Liked It You Should Have Put a Ring on It
Complete any Armored Transport heist, Having Secured at Least 9 Bags of Gold.

I Do What I Do Best, I Take Scores
While wearing the "Hockey Heat" mask, complete any Armored Transport heist 15 times on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

License to Kill
Kill 378 enemies using the Gruber Kurz handgun.

Let Them Watch
Complete the Transport: Train Heist without any of your crew members killing any enemy snipers.

I'm Not a Crook!
While wearing the "37th" mask, kill 69 snipers using the Commando 553 rifle.

I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Bulldozer
While wearing the "42nd" mask, trade 7 civilians.

Fool Me Once, Shame on -Shame on You. Fool Me - You Can't Get Fooled Again
While wearing the "43rd" mask, kill 95 Shields using the Swedish K submachine gun.

Affordable Healthcare
While wearing the "44th" mask, place 61 doctor bags.

Wanted
While wearing the "Dolph" mask, kill 100 enemies using only the AK5 rifle.

3000 Miles to the Safe House
While wearing the "Jean-Claude" mask, kill 100 enemies using only the Kobus 90 submachine gun.

Commando
While wearing the "Arnold" mask, kill 100 enemies using only the UAR rifle.

Public Enemies
While wearing the "Chuck" mask, kill 100 enemies using only the Crosskill pistol.

Above the Law
Kill 100 enemies using only the Signature .40 pistol.

Guns Are Like Shoes
Fill up 72 weapon slots.

Upside Down
In the GO Bank job, leave a mark on the bank logo.

Reindeer Games
Complete a heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Christmas soundtrack or community "Santa" mask each.

Becoming Vicious
Reach the fifth rank of Infamy.

Doctor Miserable
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, complete the heist with the last engine being correct on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

In Town You're the Law, Out Here It's Me
Kill a jump kicking Cloaker using any shotgun.

I Ain't Got Time to Bleed
Kill 15 FBI SWAT and FBI Heavy SWAT units with a knife while at 25% or less health on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Like a Fucking Sputnik!
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Changing the World...
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

… For Better or Worse
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

At a Crossroads
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Downtown Madness
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Shipment and Handling
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

A Walk in the Park
Complete the Transport: Park job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

It's Always Foggy in Washington D.C.
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Long-Term Relationship
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Tough Act to Follow
Complete all contracts on the Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Hard Skull" mask.

Shit Just Got Real
Complete all contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Very Hard Skull" mask.

Completely OVERKILL!
Complete all contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The OVERKILL Skull" mask.

OVERKILL Salutes You!
Complete all contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Death Wish Skull" mask.

Ghost Riders
Complete a heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different difficulty mask each.

Eagle Eyes
Collect 20 packages with the blue eagle stamp on to earn a blue crate.

Like A Boy Killing Snakes
Collect 25 packages with the purple snake stamp to earn a purple crate.

There and Back Again
Earn one of each crate.

High Speed, Low Drag
Modify the CAR-4 rifle with a Competition Foregrip, CAR Quadstacked Mag, and a Competitor's Compensator.

Point 'n' Shoot
Modify any pistol with a Pistol Red Dot Sight and a Flash Hider.

Mall Ninja
Modify the CAR-4 rifle with a Gazelle Rail, Tactical Compensator, Compact Holosight, Wide Stock and a Military Laser Module.

Russian Operator
Modify any AK rifle with a Lightweight Rail, AK Slavic Dragon Barrel, AK Quadstacked Mag, and a Funnel of Fun Nozzle.

The Man With the Golden Gun
Kill 6 Skulldozers using only the golden AK.762 rifle.

Dodge This
Perform 10 headshot kills on Cloakers using only the Thanatos .50 cal sniper rifle. Unlocks the "Suppressed Barrel" for the Thanatos .50 cal sniper rifle.

Return to Sender
Kill 25 Snipers using only the Rattlesnake sniper rifle. Unlocks the "Tactical Aluminium Body" for the Rattlesnake sniper rifle.

Double Kill
Kill 2 enemies with one bullet 25 times using only the Rattlesnake sniper rifle. Unlocks the "Sniper Suppressor" for the Rattlesnake sniper rifle.

It Takes a Pig to Kill a Pig
Drop Floyd the pig on top of a law enforcer. Unlocks "The 1st" mask, the "Exhausted" material, the "Ruler" pattern and the "Extended Magazine" for the Falcon rifle.

Backing Bobblehead Bob
Bring Bobblehead Bob to the vault. Unlocks "The 18th" mask, the "Gemstone" material, the "God of War" pattern and the "Wooden Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Police Brutality
Beat a Shield to death using the Telescopic Baton.

Lock, Stock & Eight Smoking Barrels
Own the Locomotive, Street Sweeper, Reinfeld, Mosconi, Izhma, Raven and M1014 Shotguns. Unlocks the "Flip-up Sight" for the Raven shotgun.

Swing Dancing
Complete any single day of a heist, killing at least 50 enemies using only your melee weapon.

Shotguns 101
Complete any heist by killing at least 50 enemies and getting 101% accuracy or above using any shotgun. Unlocks the "Long Barrel" for the M1014 shotgun.

Clay Pigeon Shooting
Kill 10 snipers using any shotgun and flechette ammo. Unlocks the "Long Barrel" for the Raven shotgun, "Clint" mask, "Leaf" material and "Monkey Skull" pattern.

Shock and Awe
Hit 4 enemies simultaneously using any shotgun and HE rounds. Unlocks the "Solid Stock" for the M1014 shotgun.

No Heist for Old Men
Complete any day of a heist in stealth with a Locomotive 12G shotgun modified with the "Silent Killer Suppressor" equipped. Unlocks the "Suppressed Barrel" for the Street Sweeper shotgun, "Rutger" mask, "Banana Peel" material and "Banana" pattern.

Four Monkeys
In the Rats job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Shotgun Pack" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Precision Aiming
Kill 25 Bulldozers using the Gewehr 3 Rifle. Unlocks the "Sniper Barrel" for the Clarion rifle, "Sniper Stock", "Sniper Grip" and "Sniper Foregrip" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Precision Stock", "Precision Foregrip", "Precision Grip" and the "DMR Kit" for the Gewehr 3 rifle as well as the "Black Death" mask.

Big Bada Boom
Kill at least four enemies with one GL40 grenade launcher shot. Unlocks the "Sawed-off" Stock for the GL40 grenade launcher and the "Crow Goblin" mask.

Army of One
Equip the GL40 grenade launcher, the Locomotive 12G shotgun, and the Improved Combined Tactical Vest. Unlocks the "CQB Foregrip" and "Plastic Stock" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle.

So Many Choices
Own one of every Gage Assault Pack weapon in the game. Unlocks the "Short Barrel" for the Clarion rifle, "Light Stock" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Plastic Foregrip" and "Assault Kit" for the Gewehr 3 rifle, "Evil" material and "Vicious" pattern.

Artillery Barrage
Kill 25 enemies at 40 meters or more using only the GL40 grenade launcher. Unlocks the "Wooden Stock" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Pirate Barrel" for the GL40 grenade launcher, "Bone" material and "Muerte" pattern.

Unusual Suspects
In the Watchdogs job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Assault Pack mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Light Foregrip" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Tactical Foregrip" for the Gewehr 3 rifle, "Long Barrel" for the Clarion rifle, "Void" material and "Death" pattern.

Not Today
Kill a jumping Cloaker using the GL40 grenade launcher. Unlocks the "Wooden Stock", "Retro Grip" and "Wooden Foregrip" for the Gewehr 3 rifle.

Hammertime
Kill 25 thugs using the Ding Dong breaching tool melee weapon. Unlocks the "Frost" material and "Emperor" pattern.

Rabbit Hunting
Kill 10 Cloakers using the Gecko 7.62 rifle. Unlocks the "Skeletal Stock", "Fabulous Stock" and "Fabulous Foregrip" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle as well as the "Volt" mask.

Tour de Clarion
Kill 200 enemies using the Clarion rifle. Unlocks the "Suppressed Barrel" and "G2 Grip" for the Clarion rifle as well as the "Professor Wrath" mask.

Wrong Number
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Walk Faster
In day 2 of the Hotline Miami job, reach the Commissar's apartment in under 210 seconds on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Rasmus" mask, "Tactical Foregrip" and the "Ergonomic Stock" for the Uzi submachine gun, "Chromescape" material and "Palmtrees" pattern.

Do You Like Hurting Other People?
In the Hotline Miami job, kill 30 thugs with the Baseball Bat. Unlocks the "Dennis" mask, "Solid Stock" for the Uzi submachine gun, "Wooden Grip" for the Cobra submachine gun, "Rubber" material and "Hip to Be Polygon" pattern.

Overdose
Cook and secure six bags of meth on day 1 of the Hotline Miami job. Unlocks the "Graham" mask, "Ghetto Blaster", "Extended Mag" and "Just Bend It" for the Blaster 9mm submachine gun, "Error" material and "Be Somebody" pattern.

Sounds of Animals Fighting
In the Hotline Miami job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Hotline Miami mask each on the Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Silent Death" and "Folded Stock" for the Uzi submachine gun, "Suppressor" and "No Stock" for the Cobra submachine gun and "Short Barrel" for the Blaster 9mm submachine gun.

Phew!
On day 2 of the Hotline Miami job, save someone in need. Unlocks the "Aubrey" mask, "Ergo Grip", "Extended Mag" and "Unfolded Stock" for the Cobra submachine gun, "Sunset" material and "Doodles" pattern.

Cavity
Hurt an enemy using the Nova's Shank melee weapon.

Sixth Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Death From Below
Kill 25 enemies as they rappel using the Nagant sniper rifle. Unlocks the "Constable" mask, the "Silenced Barrel" and the "Long Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Gunsmoke" material and "Dazzle" pattern.

Special Operations Execution
Kill 25 enemies while in stealth using the Trench knife. Unlocks the "Red Bear" mask, "Short Barrel", "Suppressed Barrel", "Short Mag", "Folded Stock", "No Stock", "Solid Stock", "Heatsinked Suppressed Barrel" for the Patchett L2A1 submachine gun," Barrel Sight 44", "Damper.L 44 Nozzle" for the Broomstick pistol, "Red Sun" material and "Death Dealer" pattern.

Wind of Change
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Historical" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Discreet Stock" and "Short Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Precision Barrel" for the Broomstick pistol, "Extended Mag" and "Long Barrel" for the Patchett L2A1 submachine gun and the "Heatsinked Suppressed Barrel" for the Buzzsaw 42 light machine gun.

So Uncivilized
Equip a Broomstick pistol with the Damper.L 44 Nozzle and the Barrel Sight 44. Unlocks the "British Bulldog" mask, "High Capacity Mag" and "Holster Stock" for the Broomstick pistol, "Army Green" material and "Filthy Thirteen" pattern.

Bullet Hell
Kill 10 enemies within 10 seconds using the Buzzsaw 42 light machine gun. Unlocks the "Old Blood and Guts" mask, "Light Barrel" for the Buzzsaw 42 light machine gun, "Patriot" material and "Captain War" pattern.

Cancelling Santa's Christmas
Complete the White Xmas job on the Very Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Krampus" mask.

Claustrophobia
Complete the White Xmas job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Mechanical Santa" mask.

Like Turkeys Voting for an Early Christmas
Complete the White Xmas job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Riders On the Snowstorm
In the White Xmas job, complete the heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above while each crew member wears a different "2014 Xmas" mask each. Unlocks the "Almir's Beard" mask.

Impossible, It Can't Be. Is It?
In the White Xmas job, secure the rare Almir's Toast.

Devil of a Job
Complete The Diamond job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Cat Burglar
In The Diamond job, complete the heist without triggering the alarm. Unlocks "The Cursed One" mask, "Sand" material and "Hieroglyphs" pattern.

Culture Vultures
In The Diamond job, secure 10 bags of additional loot. Unlocks the "Medusa" mask, "Rusting Metal" material and "Runes" pattern.

Smoke and Mirrors
In The Diamond job, steal the Diamond and escape in under 10 minutes. Unlocks the "Pazuzu" mask, "Diamond" material and "Horus" pattern.

Honor Among Thieves
In The Diamond job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Diamond Heist" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Diamonds in the Rough
In The Diamond job, complete the heist, diamond puzzle and steal the Diamond after the alarm has been triggered on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Anubis" mask, "Mummy Bandages" material and "Hawk Helm" pattern.

A Pine in the Ass
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Pump It Up
In The Bomb: Forest job, do not let the cops disconnect the water hose while you are using the river water pump. Unlocks the "Tech Lion" mask, "Marble Rock" material and "Lion Game Lion" pattern.

Fisherman's Fiend
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sneaking With the Fishes
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job in stealth on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Butcher" mask, "Rhino" material and "Checker Board" pattern.

Breaking Dead
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, find the meth lab. Unlocks the "Extended Mag" for the LEO pistol.

I've Got the Power
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, don't let the enemies cut the power. Unlocks the "Long Slide" for the LEO pistol.

Done in 60 Seconds
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, open the dock gate in 60 seconds using the keycards. Unlocks the "Custom Slide" for the LEO pistol.

Here Comes the Pain Train
In the Firestarter job, complete the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, with all days done in loud and with a crew of 4 players using unmodified "AK Rifle" rifles and "PARA" submachine guns. Unlocks the "DMR Kit AK.762" and the "Low Drag Magazine" for the AK weapon family, "Timothy" mask, "Prehistoric" material and "Dinosaur Stripes" pattern.

Becoming Villainous
Reach the sixth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Abominable
Reach the seventh rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fiendish
Reach the eighth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Heinous
Reach the ninth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Mean
Reach the tenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Dangerous
Reach the eleventh rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fearless
Reach the twelfth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Nefarious
Reach the thirteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Disreputable
Reach the fourteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fearful
Reach the fifteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Opprobrious
Reach the sixteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Shady
Reach the seventeenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Savage
Reach the eighteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Abhorrent
Reach the nineteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Sly
Reach the twentieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Crafty
Reach the twenty-first rank of Infamy.

Becoming Shameless
Reach the twenty-second rank of Infamy.

Becoming Diabolical
Reach the twenty-third rank of Infamy.

Becoming Ferocious
Reach the twenty-fourth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Monstrous
Reach the twenty-fifth rank of Infamy.

Cooking With Style
Complete the Rats job with you and your four man crew having Combined Tactical Vests, Vulcan Miniguns, HRL-7 Rocket Launchers and "General OVERKILL" masks equipped on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

I Have No Idea What I'm Doing
In the Shadow Raid job, complete the heist in stealth while having the Vulcan Minigun and HRL-7 Rocket Launcher equipped.

Oh, That's How You Do It
Fire the Vulcan Minigun for 25 seconds without reloading or letting go of the trigger.

We Are Rockstars On This Job
Complete the Watchdogs job with each crew member using no skills, wielding the AMCAR Rifle and Chimano 88 Pistol on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

House Keeping
In the Big Oil job, complete day 1 in stealth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Boston Saints
Complete the Big Oil job, with at least one other player, all using suits and Akimbo Bernetti 9 Pistols on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Tag, You're It!
In the Car Shop job, be the first player in a four-man crew to reach the docks.

Recycling
Pick up 100 arrows. Unlocks the "Desert Skull" mask, "Western Sunset" material and "Mystical" pattern.

The Nobel Prize
Kill 3 enemies at the same time with the Dynamite. Unlocks the "Wild West Classic" mask, "Cactus" material and "Coyote" pattern.

Hedgehog
Get 10 or more arrows stuck in a Bulldozer at the same time. Unlocks the "Lone Heister" mask, "Scorpion" material and "Totem" pattern.

Fastest Gun in the West
Kill 6 law enforcers within 6 seconds of killing the first while hipfiring with the Peacemaker .45 Revolver. Unlocks the "Apache Mystic" mask, "Gold Fever" material and "Sacred" pattern.

Pedal to the Metal
Complete the Meltdown job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

They Don't Pay Us Enough
In the Meltdown job, secure all additional loot. Unlocks the "Rad Mutant" mask.

There Was a Car?!
In the Meltdown job, complete the heist without using the "Longfellow".

We Built This City on Electric Progressive House Music
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sound of Silence
Complete The Alesso Heist without your crew killing anyone. Unlocks the "Boom Box" mask, "Enlightenment" material and "Alesso Logo" pattern.

Even Steven
In The Alesso Heist, get your seven bucks back. Unlocks the "Cantus" mask, "Bionic" material and "Circle Raster" pattern.

Fuck It, We're Walking
In The Alesso Heist, complete the heist in loud without using the zip-line or bag chutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Female Concert Goer" mask, "Stained Glass" material and "Soundwave" pattern.

How the Fuck Can You Grin?
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Blind Eye in the Sky
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job in stealth. Unlocks the "Wheeler Dealer" mask, "Stars" material and "Chips" pattern.

City of Sin and Well-Oiled Gears
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job without having the Big Fucking Drill ever break in loud. Unlocks the "Murmillo Galea Helmet" mask, "Casino" material and "Royale" pattern.

High Roller
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job under 14 minutes. Unlocks "The King" mask, "Plush" material and "Cards" pattern.

Hail to the King, Baby
In the Golden Grin Casino job, kill "The King" and complete the heist in stealth. Unlocks the "Sports Utility Mask" mask, "Carpet" material and "Dices" pattern.

Names Are for Friends, so I Don't Need One
Get eleven kills with the Lebensauger .308 Sniper Rifle without reloading it. Unlocks the "Slicer" mask, "Still Waters" material and "Youkai" pattern.

Swiss Cheese
Kill 100 enemies in a single day of a heist with the Kross Vertex Submachine Gun. Unlocks the "Kage" mask, "Sakura" material and "Oni" pattern.

Shuriken Shenanigans
Complete a single day of a heist in stealth using only the Shuriken throwable and killing at least 4 enemies. Unlocks the "Kuro Zukin" mask, "Bamboo" material and "Koi" pattern.

Fugu Fighter
Have at least 3 enemies poisoned at the same time with your poisoned weapons. Unlocks the "Shirai" mask, "Origami" material and "Hanabi" pattern.

Heisters of the Round Table
Complete any heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with 4 players using only Gage Chivalry Pack masks, primary weapons, melee weapons and Ballistic Vests or heavier armors. Unlocks the "Agatha Knight Veteran" mask, "Bloodied" material and "Agatha" pattern.

Their Armor Is Thick and Their Shields Broad
Kill 10 shields with a Gage Chivalry Pack melee weapon in a single heist. Unlocks the "Agatha Vanguard Veteran" mask, "Chain Armor" material and "Medieval" pattern.

Skewer
Kill a Cloaker with the Javelin throwable. Unlocks the "Mason Knight Veteran" mask, "Scale Armor" material and "Mason" pattern.

Black Knight
Kill a black Bulldozer with the Great Sword melee weapon. Unlocks the "Mason Vanguard Veteran" mask, "Forged" material and "Checkered Out" pattern.

Choo Choo
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Aftershocked
Complete the Aftershock job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hidden Hostages
Complete the First World Bank job with 6 or more hostages alive behind the wall by the elevators in the main lobby.

Original Heisters
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using the PAYDAY: The Heist crew, Reinfeld Shotguns, and Bernetti 9 Pistols.

1337
Complete the First World Bank job in stealth under 13 minutes and 37 seconds.

Cloaker Fear
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above by securing all additional money bags while not using the loot vent bag shortcut for the additional money bags.

Au Ticket
In the First World Bank job, find the Titan safe and collect the special item inside.

Dead Meat
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Skill Shot
In the Lab Rats job, secure a bag in the secret area. Unlocks the "Invader" mask.

Trick or Treat!
In the Lab Rats job, complete the Cloaker event on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Satan" mask.

Not Scary Enough
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hall of the Mountain King
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Clean House
In the Beneath the Mountain job, secure all of the loot from the vaults and mountain-top in the escape helicopter. Unlocks the "Tawhiri" mask, "Flow" material and "Sun Avatar" pattern.

Commando Crew
In the Beneath the Mountain job, open the 4 vaults that contain loot within 10 minutes of starting the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Juggernauts
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without any player going down.

Pinpoint Landing
In the Birth of Sky job, parachute into the diner through a hole in the roof.

No Blood on the Carpet
In the Birth of Sky job, release the money without having any player take health damage on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Oro" mask, "Glade" material and "Tribal Wave" pattern.

Black Tie Event
Complete the Birth of Sky job, have the entire crew use only pistols and Two Piece Suits on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

On the Seventh Try on Death Wish, My True Bain Gave to Me
Complete the Santa's Workshop job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

We Do It Live!
Complete the Framing Frame job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Platypus 70 sniper rifles and Judge shotguns.

Coffee Stain
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Farmer Miserable
In day 2 of the Goat Simulator job, send all goats in separate cages on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Slick Goat" mask, "Tongue" material and "Fur" pattern.

Crowd Control
On the Counterfeit job, have all civilians as hostages until the safe is opened.

In for a Dime, in for a Dollar
Complete the Undercover job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Not Even Once
Complete the Undercover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without anyone in your crew getting downed or cuffed.

Keep Clear of the Windows
Complete the Undercover job without killing any Snipers. Unlocks the "Hans" mask, "Red Black" material and "Luse" pattern.

The Saviour
On the Undercover job, place 10 planks on windows, vents or fences. Unlocks the "Trickster Demon" mask, "Mushroom Cloud" material and "Split" pattern.

No Witnesses
Complete the Murky Station job by killing all guards and not using any ECM jammers on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Janitor
Complete the Murky Station job after hiding one body bag in each dumpster.

The Ground Is Too Cold
In the Boiling Point job, have no crew members get downed on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zero 68" mask, "Nebula" material and "Hexagons" pattern.

Crazy Ivan
Complete the Boiling Point job having everyone only using melee weapons without electricity or poison to kill enemies on the Very Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Safety First" mask, "Planet" material and "Phoenix" pattern.

When in Russia... Do as the Russians Do
Complete the Boiling Point job while having your crew wear the "Russian Hat" mask and "Golden AK.762" assault rifle on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Megalo-Mania
Have all four players using a fully unlocked Maniac perk deck and have an average of 65% or more of the white Maniac bar filled.

High Times
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, cook 2 bags of meth and secure them.

Mellon
In the Birth of Sky job, find all 9 rings.

Kiss the Chef
In the Cook Off job, cook 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Let the Man Work
In the first day of The Biker Heist, let Mike the mechanic complete the bike without any interruptions on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Classic" mask, "Hotrod" material and "Engine" pattern.

Fifth Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Horrible Seventh Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

His Beard Was as White as Coke
Complete the White Xmas job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

;)
Complete the White Xmas job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Disaster Tourist
Complete the Aftershock job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Put It on Repeat
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dance Dance GenSec
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Blood is Thicker Than Murkywater
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Not Radical Enough For You?
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Who Killed the Lights?
Complete the Big Oil job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dirty Energy
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Making it Rain
Complete the Birth of Sky job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

What Are You Sinking About
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Ship It
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

I Cut Down Trees, I Skip and Jump
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Keep Your Feet on the Ground
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

First World Problems
Complete the First World Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

There is no Goat Level
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

You Goat to be Kidding Me...
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Let the Chips Fall
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Ocean's Four
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Well in Russia Asshole Facks You!
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dennis' Menace
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Rats and Meatballs
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

I Survived Lab Rats with One Down And All I Got Was This Achievement
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Now is the Nuclear Winter of Our Discontent
Complete the Meltdown job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dr. Strangevlad
Complete the Meltdown job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

On my Twelfth Try with One Down, The True Pain Began
Complete the Santa's Workshop job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Slaughterfest
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Day at the Museum
Complete The Diamond job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

The Jonssonligan
Complete The Diamond job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Caught in the Crossfire
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Why Did The Heister Cross The Road?
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Bright Lights, Broke City
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Crime.net Street Party
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Harboring Criminals
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Steel Container of Professional Badasses
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Park Clean Up
Complete the Transport: Park job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Holding Court in the Street
Complete the Transport: Park job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

3:10 to the Safe House
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Good Old Fashioned Train Robbery
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Mistified
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Fog This Shit I'm Out!
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Death and Taxes
Complete the Undercover job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Upstanding Citizen
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Sad Vlad is Bad
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

For the Republic
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Democracy at Work
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Trusted Friends
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Crime.net is My Homepage
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Master of Mayhem
Complete all contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Mayhem Skull" mask.

A Heister of Legend
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks "The Death Sentence Skull" mask.

A Brush With Death
Complete the Panic Room job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

The Definition of Safe House is Changing
Complete the Panic Room job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Cardio Training
Complete Panic Room while having the entire crew on the roof when the escape triggers and open the basement door within 20 sec.

The Dentist Delight
In the Panic Room job, find and secure the giant toothbrush.

Don't You Dare Miss
Complete Panic Room on any difficulty with a total crew hit accuracy above 200%

Nothing Personal
Kill 30 snipers with the Desertfox Sniper Rifle on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Mustang" mask, "Tire" material and "One Shot" pattern.

Crouched and Hidden, Flying Dagger
Kill 8 guards with the Throwing Knife while crouching on the Murky Station job. The heist must be completed for any kills to count. Unlocks the "Hotelier" mask, "Club Lights" material and "Piety" pattern.

UMP for Me, UMP for You
Kill 45 Russian specials on the Boiling Point job with the Jackal Submachine Gun on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zashchita" mask, "Mist" material and "Battle Wounds" pattern.

For Daisy
Complete the Firestarter job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with your crew using only the Contractor Pistol. Unlocks the "Daisy" mask, "Dog Fur" material and "Daisies" pattern.

All Cloakers Eve
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Haunted House of Heisters
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Salem Asylum
On the Prison Nightmare job, get on the train in less than 4 min and 44 sec on the Mayhem difficulty or above. You have to have played the heist from the start. Unlocks the "Risen Wolf" mask.

A Long Night of Horrors
Complete the Prison Nightmare job, getting at least 15 keycards on the Mayhem difficulty or above without any player ever going into custody. Unlocks the "Risen Chains" mask.

He's Got Experience
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Hard difficulty or above by having 1 player playing as Hoxton, all having Nova's Shank melee weapon equipped, and are only allowed to kill enemies using Nova's Shank. Unlocks the "Risen Houston" mask.

Ducking Awesome
Get 3 headshot kills with 1 shot from any Shotgun using the Donald's Horizontal Leveller barrel ext.

Let Them Fly
Kill 50 Snipers with the Arbiter Grenade Launcher while using the standard ammo type.

The Reckoning
Complete any heist from start to end and kill 200 or more enemies with any weapon equipped with the Reconnaissance Sight on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Celsius or Fahrenheit?
Kill 10 enemies in a row, without missing, while switching between the regular sight and the 45 Degree Red Dot Sight after each kill on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Imitations
On the Stealing Xmas job, find and take both "Paycheck" masks. Unlocks the "Paycheck Dallas" and "Paycheck Chains" masks.

The Grinch
On the Stealing Xmas job, secure all additional loot on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Christmas Party
On the Stealing Xmas job, escape the heist while keeping at least 10 zip-tied civilians alive within the 4 pillars around the Christmas tree.

You Cockroaches Wanna Play Rough?
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Every Dog Has His Day
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Say Good Night to the Bad Guy
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Say Hello to My Big Friend
On the Scarface Mansion job, kill the boss with the Commando 101 Rocket Launcher on the OVERKILL difficulty and above. Unlocks the "Panthera Tigris" mask, "Black Marble" material and "Diablada" pattern.

Look at These Pelicans Fall
On the Scarface Mansion job, find and shoot the two pink flamingos. Unlocks the "Exalted" mask, "Oxidized Copper" material and "Liberty Flame" pattern.

What? You Want Me to Dance?
Complete the Scarface Mansion job in stealth in 13 minutes or less on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Barrori Flex" mask, "Red Velvet" material and "Coin" pattern.

Apartment Sniper
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, by having all team members using Sniper Rifles and the OVE9000 saws on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Rendezvous With Destiny
On the Brooklyn 10-10 job, reach Charon within 6 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Liberty" mask, "Underground Neon" material and "Baba Yaga" pattern.

Pass the Ammo
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, after deploying 8 ammo bags in the ammo cage on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Bird of Prey" mask, "Carbon Fiber Weave" material and "Hood Stripes" pattern.

Thalassophobia
Complete The Yacht Heist within 6 minutes, on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Pacifish
Complete The Yacht Heist without killing anyone. Unlocks the "Sailor" mask, "Neon Blue" material and "Hotel Pattern" pattern.

Blood in the Water
Complete The Yacht Heist after having killed every security guard on the boat. Unlocks the "Captain" mask, "Black Suede" material and "Continental" pattern.

Russian Arsenal
Complete any heist using only weapons from the Gage Russian Weapon Pack on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Red Machine" mask, "Tricolor" material and "Russian Gamble" pattern.

Spray Control
Kill 32 enemies without reloading with the Tatonka Submachine Gun. Unlocks the "War Balaclava" mask, "Russian Camouflage" material and "Red Star" pattern.

Have Nice Day!
Kill 300 enemies using any weapons from the Gage Russian Weapon Pack. Unlocks the "Kokoshnik" mask, "Propaganda Palette" material and "Bear Fight" pattern.

Sneaky Beaky Like
Complete any heist in stealth using only weapons from the Gage Russian Weapon Pack. Unlocks the "Matryoshka" mask, "Ceramics Gzhel" material and "Prison Statement" pattern.

We Don't Need No Water...
Complete the Heat Street job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Running the Gauntlet
Complete the Heat Street job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Hills Street Blues
Complete the Heat Street job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Zookeeper
On the Heat Street job, find and steal all animal posters and escape.

Patience is Key
Complete the Heat Street job without using any gas cans.

It's Nice to be Nice
Complete the Heat Street job without killing any civilians on the Hard difficulty or above.

A Vast Amount of Unlawful Transgressions
Reach rank 250 in the Crime Spree. Unlocks the "Mega Rust" mask.

Jack the Rippers, Prison Slippers!
Complete the Green Bridge job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Jack Rabbit Parole
Complete the Green Bridge job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Beat the Shield
Complete the Green Bridge job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The one that had many names
In the Shadow Raid or the First World Bank Jobs, find and pick up the hidden Robot Trophy five times. Unlocks "The Robot" mask.

The one who declared himself the hero
On the Diamond Store job or on day 1 of the Hoxton Breakout job, find and pick up the hidden Cultist Trophy five times. Unlocks "The Cultist" mask.

Criminal Origins
Complete all contracts on the Normal difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Normal Skull" mask.

Hacking Crime.net
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Hello To You, My New Friends
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

Mercenary for Hire
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Locke & Load
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Drain the Swamp
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

FUBAR
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Completed, Fo' Sho'
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Mountain Climbers
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Priceless Relic Collector
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Moles With Guns
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Destruction From Within
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

There Was Room For Two
In the Alaskan Deal job shoot the SWAT that is hanging on to the door out in the water.

The Fuel Must Flow
In the Alaskan Deal job don't let the cops cut off the flow of fuel from the tank to the ship on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Headless Snowmen
In the Alaskan Deal job find and shoot the heads off on all the snowmen.

Hello, My Friends!
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Ally From the East
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

On the Rise
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Madman Absolution
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Critical Mass
Complete the Meltdown job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

A Little Plutonium Won't Hurt Me
Complete the Meltdown job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Meat Tenderizer
Complete all of The Butchers contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

Excuse me, There's a Bullet in My Pork...
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Well Done
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Prime Cuts
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

As Fit as a Butcher's Dog
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Everybody Owes, Everybody Pays
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Smooth Sailing
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

How Much Wood Would a Heister Chuck...
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Uphill Battle
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Timber Train
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

The World is Yours
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Vintage Villainy
Complete all Classic contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Deja Vu
Complete all Classic contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

Just Like Old Times!
Complete all Classic contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

PAYDAY: The Heist
Complete all Classic contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Reminds Me of Myself Back in the Day!
Complete all Classic contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Glory Days
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

145+ Down
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Heat's Around the Corner
Complete the Heat Street job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Hard Street
Complete the Heat Street job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Washington City Marathon
Complete the Heat Street job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Ghetto Bonfire
Complete the Heat Street job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Flawless
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Doctor of Crime
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Out of the Jaws of Death
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Jaw Dropping
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Cursed Stone
Complete The Diamond job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

JACKPOT!
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

1-800-KOMISSAR
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Friends in High Places
Complete all of the Elephant's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Black Gold
Complete the Big Oil job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Holiday Special
Complete all Event contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

This is Not Normal? Is It?
Complete all Event contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

Fever Dream
Complete all Event contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Marked in the Calendar
Complete all Event contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

The Heisters Day Out
Complete all Event contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Expanded Reality
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

And Now for Something Completely Different
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Maybe the Table Is Just Really Huge?
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Itsy Bitsy Heisters Cooking Meth All Night Long
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Bain, I Shrunk the Heisters
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Arachnophobia
Complete the Lab Rats job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

We Started Real Low...
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Normal difficulty or above.

Man in the Shadows
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Hard difficulty or above.

4 Man Army
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

We've Become the Bain of their Existence!
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

All Your Bass Are Belong to Us
Complete the Alesso Heist on the Normal difficulty or above.

The Show Must Go On
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Hard difficulty or above.

Eat, Sleep, Heist, Repeat
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Forte to Fortissimo
Complete The Alesso Heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

When "X" Marks the Spot
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Crosstown Traffic
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Our Roads Cross Again
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Fingers and Roads Crossed
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Making My Way Downtown
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Downtown Crowd
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Hit 'em Hard
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Rush Hour
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Heisters in a Tincan
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Working Class Hero
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Heisty McHeistface
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Criminal Waters
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

We Like Long Walks
Complete the Transport: Park job on the Hard difficulty or above.

No Day for Sightseeing
Complete the Transport: Park job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Stroll in the Park
Complete the Transport: Park job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Modern Train Robbers
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the Hard difficulty or above.

Off the Rails
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Because of Training
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Traffic Congestion
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Hazy Heisters
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Tunnel Vision
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Hard Won Price
Complete the Diamond Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

United We Heist
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using only the Union 5.56 Rifle.

Get Off My Property
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, keep the law enforcers from entering the warehouse until Twitch arrives with the escape van.

Pinky Swear
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, escort Mr. Pink back to the warehouse within 60 seconds after rescuing him from the car on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Waste Not, Want Not
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, loot and secure all available bags of diamonds and jewelry in the Garnet Group boutique on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Close Shave
On the Reservoir Dogs job, kill 92 special enemies with the Alabama Razor on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Layers of Copper
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Layers of Iron
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Brooklyn Battle
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Obsessive Opening
On the Brooklyn Bank Job open at least 30 deposit boxes and all 3 ATMs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Felis Lynx" mask and the "Ursus Maritimus" mask.

Animal Kingdom
On the Brooklyn Bank job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Brooklyn Bank animal mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

One More Down, No More To Go
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated. Unlocks "The One Down Skull" mask.

Crime.net Expert
Complete all of Bain's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Back in My Days
Complete all Classic contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Tell Me Why You Fall
Complete all Event contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Just an' Old Country Doctor
Complete all of Dentist's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vernon's Shenanigans
Complete all of Locke's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Explosive Personality
Complete all of The Butcher's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

The Second Statesman
Complete all of the Elephants contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vlad Will Sing You a Song
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Seventh Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Vlad's First Response Team
Complete the Aftershock job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

F Sharp
Complete The Alesso Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Bunker Buddies
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Slick Heisting
Complete the Big Oil job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Theft From Above
Complete the Birth of Sky job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Prepare to be Boarded
Complete The Bomb: Dockyard job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Make Like a Tree...and Get Out of Here
Complete The Bomb: Forest job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Layers of Steel
Complete the Brooklyn Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Cursed Wealth
Complete The Diamond job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

GOTs!
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

The House Doesn't Always Win
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Thank You for Flying With OVERKILL Airline
Complete the Green Bridge job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Sticky Asphalt
Complete the Heat Street job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Yes, I Rather Like Hurting Other People, Thank You For Asking
Complete the Hotline Miami job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Petty Crimes
Complete the Lab Rats job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

A Magnitude of Trouble
Complete the Meltdown job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Forceful Eviction
Complete the Panic Room job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

On the Edge of Madness
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

By a Christmas Miracle
Complete the Santa's Workshop job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Casa de Palma
Complete the Scarface Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Lots of Pigs, But no Pigs
Complete the Slaughterhouse job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

See You at the Crossroads
Complete the Transport: Crossroads job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

All The Noise and The Hurry
Complete the Transport: Downtown job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Logistics Fee
Complete the Transport: Harbor job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Urban Hiking
Complete the Transport: Park job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Gravy Train
Complete the Transport: Train Heist on the Death Sentence difficulty.

A Ride Through Foggy Bottom
Complete the Transport: Underpass job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Downtown Parking
Complete the Undercover job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Drunk Flying
Complete the White Xmas job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

A Little Past Midnight
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Dead, Wrapped in Plastic
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Fast Track to Hell
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Hard difficulty or above.

If It Bleeds, Kill It
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Nowhere to Run
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Chaos Breeds Order
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Bain's Lament
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

All You Need is A Knife
Complete the Cursed Kill Room job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Second Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Third Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Fourth Nightmare
Complete the Safe House Nightmare job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Compact Confrontation
Kill a Sniper from a distance of 40 meters with the Compact 40mm Grenade Launcher.

Human Sentry Gun
Kill 20 enemies with a Light Machine Gun while using the bipod without un-deploying.

Denied
Destroy 30 Flashbangs before they detonate.

I Will Succeed With Dignity
In the Shadow Raid job, complete the heist without using any pre-planning favors on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Just Shut up and Take My Money!
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, hit the cashier in the Garnet Group boutique with the Money Bundle melee weapon.

Golden Grin Anonymous
Spend at least a $1,000,000,000 in the Offshore Payday.

Quick Draw
In the Panic Room job, kill all gangsters within 60 seconds after masking up on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Silver Tongue
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, convert the cashier in the Garnet Group boutique to fight for you.

I'm Sure No One Heard That
On the Ukrainian Job, complete the heist in stealth after triggering the alarm with the metal detectors.

The Safe Words are Police Brutality and Irony
Kill a Cloaker with the Telescopic Baton.

C-40
In a single day of any job, place at least 40 trip mines.

Damn it, Bile...
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, have Bile trigger the alarm.

Draganborn
In the Safe House, hit the punching bag in Dragan's gym for over 500 points in a single hit.

Say Hello To My Halloween Friend!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, Acquire all 7 "Deadly Sins" masks.

Faster! Faster! I can do it faster!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, open at least 6 safes in a single run on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

I Feel Like Robin Hood!
Complete the Undercover job with every crew member using only a bow without any modifications on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Junkyard Full Of Junkies
On day 1 of the Big Oil job, kill all of the bikers within 1 minute of the heist starting.

Down Payment
On the First World Bank job, kill the bank manager with the Money Bundle melee weapon.

Global Warming
Complete the Alaskan Deal job with all crew members using only Flamethrowers.

WULULULULU--BZZZT!!!
Stop a charging Cloaker with either the Buzzer or Electrical Brass Knuckles melee weapons.

Drive By
Kill 10 enemies while in the passenger seat of a vehicle.

A Tazed of Your Own Medicine
Kill a Taser with either the Buzzer or Electrical Brass Knuckles melee weapons.

Donut Run
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Cordial Infiltration
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Breaking Protocol
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Sticking it to the Commissioner
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Don't Wake the Feds
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Crimes and Misdemeanors
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

The Fall of Solomon
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Garrett's Foil
Complete the Breakin' Feds job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

A Moment of Silence
In the Breakin' Feds job, don't alert or kill any guards until Commissioner Garrett used the toilet on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Stalker
In the Breakin' Feds job, have Commissioner Garrett marked at all time after he left his office, until you have opened his safe.

Staple Relationship
In the Breakin' Feds job, find, rescue and return the stapler to the small office.

Sand in Your Shoes
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Murkywater's Lost and Found Department
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Kicked a Tumbleweed
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Oasis of Bullets
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Prairie Heister
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Dust Devil Adventurer
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Not in Kansas Anymore
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Heisting on the Salt Flats
Complete the Henry's Rock job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Red Button
In the Henry's Rock job, push the red button and escape.

Hidden Secrets
You found something really weird.

Boom, Headshot!
In the Henry's Rock job, headshot all five test mannequins in the Weapons Lab using a Pistol and/or Akimbo Pistols within 3 seconds.

Shipwreck Survivor
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Salem's Lot
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hey, you guys!
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Even Death May Die
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Never Say Die
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Going once...
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

The Auction Cry
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job in stealth within 5 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Press [F] to Pay Respects
Press [F] to pay respects.

Heavy Metal
In the Shacklethorne Auction job, use the metal detectors to find a civilian that is carrying something heavy. Unlocks the "Monkey Wrench" melee weapon.

Call from the Mayor
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Last Meal
Complete the Hell's Island job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Prison Rules, Bitch!
In the Hell's Island job, kill 13 enemies with the Nova's Shank Melee on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Another Way Out
In the Hell's Island job, Free all of the prisoners in Cell Block A before opening Bain's cell on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Beacon of... nope
In the Hell's Island job, Shoot out the light on the lighthouse.

...or was it the blue one?
In the No Mercy job, cut the correct wire opening the ICU door security system.

Keeping the Cool
Complete the No Mercy job on the hard difficulty or above without raising the alarm before reaching the ICU.

Nyctophobia
Complete the No Mercy on the hard difficulty or above, getting the power back up within 5 seconds of it being shut down.

Hostage Situation
In the Diamond Store job, don't let any civilians escape, die or leave the Diamond store. Until all bags of loot from the diamond store are secured on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Attacked Helicopter
In the Green Bridge job, kill the helicopter turret before the plane picks up the prisoner on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Hack This!
In the Henry's Rock job, destroy the security turrets instead of shutting them down on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Settling a Scar
Complete the Scarface Mansion job within 15 minutes in loud on the OVERKILL difficulty and above.

What's in the Box?
On the White Xmas job open 40 packages before escaping on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Stroll Across the Border
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Normal difficulty or above.

A Morning Like Any Other
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Blood on the Sand
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Like Walking in With a Guitar Case Full of Guns
Complete the Border Crossing job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Export Tax
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Satan's Lapdog
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Death in the Desert
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Once Upon a Down in Mexico
Complete the Border Crossing job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Cooking in the Sun
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Free Shipping and Handling
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Hard difficulty or above.

A Dish Best Served Hot
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Kings and Queens of Crystal
Complete the Border Crystals job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

If You Can't Stand The Heat, Get Out Of The Meth Lab
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

There is Sand in My Meth!
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

With a Bite of Habanero
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

No Coming Back for Seconds
Complete the Border Crystals job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Identity Theft
In the Border Crossing job, find 4 murkywater uniforms. Unlocks the "Murkywater Uniform" Outfit.

Two-Step Verification
In the Border Crossing job, secure all 4 pieces of the Roman armor and complete the heist. Unlocks the "Hippika" Mask.

Heister Cocinero
In the Border Crystals job, escape the heist with 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Mariachis Have More Fun
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Normal difficulty or above. Unlocks the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Is That a Gun or a Guitar?
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Dust Devil" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Keep Playing to the Sound of Money
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Guitars And ARs
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Skin of the Saint" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Play Me a Narcocorrido
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Your Gunfire is Drowning out my Trumpet
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Teotihuacan" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

Mariachi Day
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks the "Calavera" variant of the "The Minstrel" Outfit.

The Ballad of San Martín
Complete the San Martín Bank job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Now Hit Me With The Music
The rhythm is the boss. Unlocks the "Sombrero" Mask.

Gunpowder Glory
In the San Martín Bank job, let the heist go loud before anyone enters the bank and keep all enemies away from the fountain plaza until the escape is available on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Skull White" weapon color.

Silencioso y Codicioso
In the San Martín Bank job, complete the heist in stealth having secured all loot and emptied all deposit boxes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Dollar Green" weapon color.

Three Cherries on the Slot Machine
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 3 of Holdout on the Golden Grin Casino heist.

Dinner, a Show and Some Blackjack
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 5 of Holdout on the Golden Grin Casino heist.

Don't Forget to Bring Rain Man
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the Golden Grin Casino heist.

Cleaning out the House
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the Golden Grin Casino heist.

Higher Stock Values
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the Big Bank heist.

The Bank Manager Must Be Worth Something
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the Big Bank heist.

A Sale in Sporting Goods
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 3 of Holdout on the Mallcrasher heist.

Throw a Cop in the Fountain
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 5 of Holdout on the Mallcrasher heist.

Let's Trade in the Food Court
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the Mallcrasher heist.

Halfoffius, God of the Mall
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the Mallcrasher heist.

Wait for a Bigger Boat
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the Boat Load heist.

Hide Them in the Vault
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 3 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

Tie Them to the Chairs
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 5 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

Would you Rather Be Robbing the Place?
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

A Different Level of Scoring
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

Worthy of Permanent Display
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on The Diamond heist.

Get Our Guy
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Prisoner Lost
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Ain't Goin' Out like That
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

No Taming a Coyote
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

The Food in There Was Awful
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

No Evidence, No Crime
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

We Ride at Dawn
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Leaving Tijuana
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Low Murder Rate
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job in stealth without killing anyone. Unlocks the "Desert" weapon color.

Paid in Full
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, secure all the loot bags.

Stolen Valor
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, find and steal all the medals in one run. Unlocks the "Cave" weapon color.

A Different Kind of Masquerade
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Plain Old Tequila
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Hard difficulty or above.

You Ate the Worm
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Tropic Thunder
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Impresario" Outfit.

Coyopa Conundrum
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Murder on the Island
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Mansion Basher
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Sunset Serenade
Complete the Buluc's Mansion job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

We Expect You to Die, Mr Buluc
In the Buluc's Mansion job, kill Buluc in a spectacular way.

Everything but the Patio Furniture
In the Buluc's Mansion job, secure all available loot bags in stealth.

Sugar, Lard and Scorpions
Find the churro. Unlocks the "Undead Peacock" mask.

Becoming Masterful
Reach the fiftieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Professional
Reach the seventy-fifth rank of Infamy.

Becoming a King Among Thieves
Reach the hundredth rank of Infamy.

Only For Us Naughty Heisters
Find the hidden presents in the Border Crossing, San Martín Bank, Breakfast in Tijuana, and Buluc's Mansion jobs. Unlocks the "Mega Sangres" mask.

Chase the Dragon
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Wake the Dragon
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Hard difficulty or above.

No Tea Shop Can Stop You
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Dragon Slayer
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Fire Breathing Heister
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Big Trouble, Badder Heister
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Hero of the Underworld
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Keep Breathing that Fresh Air
In the Dragon Heist job, do not let the cops start trigger the gas attack.

All the Gold in Chinatown
In the Dragon Heist job, collect all the loot and escape without triggering the alarm on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Speed Lizard
Complete the Dragon Heist job in 6 minutes or less on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Dragon Snatcher
Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Buzzbomb
While wearing the "Cable Guy" outfit, kill 200 enemies using electric melee weapons on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "X1-ZAPper" Throwable Grenade.

Easy Release
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Cupcake Rescuer
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Free our Ukrainian!
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Vlad's Hero
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Leave No Ukrainian Behind
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Container Cracker
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Dockland Raider
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Take care of Your Frenemies
Complete the Ukrainian Prisoner job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Thinking Ahead
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and steal what Yufu Wang has hidden away.

Just to Cheese Them Off
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and destroy all dragon vases.

This Calls for a Round of Sputniks!
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, kill at least 100 enemies with a sniper rifle and complete the level with 100% or higher accuracy on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Cloaker Charmer
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, while wearing "PNV BriteNite" mask and kill at least one Cloaker. Unlocks the "Cloaker Mascot" Weapon Charm.

Land Lubber Pickpocket
Complete the Black Cat job on the Normal difficulty or above.

First Mate of Thieving
Complete the Black Cat job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Captain Heister
Complete the Black Cat job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Master of the Poop Deck
Complete the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

All the Loot (and the Seafood Buffet Too)
Complete the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Death on the High Seas
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Sink the Titanic
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Second Star to the Right, then Straight On 'Til Morning
Complete the Black Cat job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Swimming Cat, Silent Burglar
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in stealth while you and your crew used only melee weapons.

Master of Floatation
In the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above, throw 8 body bags overboard and complete the heist in stealth without having killed any civilians.

Secret Sea Safecracker
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and open Xun Kang's secret safe.

One Claw Beam Cutter
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in loud having used only one saw at the time to cut the vault beams.

Bloody Grinch
Complete the Breakin' Feds heist or the Buluc's Mansion heist on the Mayhem difficulty or above in stealth and everyone on your crew dressed in Christmas outfits and masks, without using any pagers. Because nobody has ever seen Santa. Unlocks the "Lightbringer" Weapon Charm.

The Door Was Open
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Rent-Free Living
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Hard difficulty or above.

High-End Rent
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Hard Earned Living
Complete the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Homewrecker
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Tu casa es mi casa
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Overstayed Your Welcome
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Killer Pad
Complete the Mountain Master job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Crouching Bomber, Hidden Flamer
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member wearing a variant of the dragon bomber suit, kill Yufu Wang in loud using only flamethrowers and steal his mask. Unlocks the "Mountain Master Crown" mask.

Did You Inhale Some Demon Speed?
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and press the 3 buttons on the roof within 2 minutes of activating the timer, while in stealth.

For The Mad Hatter
Collect and secure the tea sets from all heists in the City of Gold campaign. Unlocks the "Laohu Dashi" Outfit.

No Gnome Left Behind
In the Mountain Master job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, find someone in need of a lift, and help him to the helicopter, while playing in loud.

Plague Doctor
Kill 200 enemies using poison on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, while wearing the Scrubs outfit. Unlocks the "Viper Grenade" throwable.

Welcome to Texas
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Gun Runner
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Hard difficulty or above.

Giddyup!
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Showdown at Midland Ranch
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Outlaw Country
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

Bigger in Texas
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

The Magnificent Four
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

How the Ranch was Won
Complete the Midland Ranch job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Caddyshacked
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, kill 100 enemies with a golf cart.

Lucky Streak
In the Midland Ranch job, find all horseshoes hidden around the ranch.

Marshal Law
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, use the turret to kill 4 US Marshal Sharpshooters.

Texas Treasures
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, acquire a rare treasure.

Field Test
Kill 500 enemies with the Hailstorm Mk 5's Volley Shot mode. Unlocks the "Prototype Conversion Kit".

Heister With A Shotgun
Kill 1000 enemies with either version of the VD-12. Unlocks the "Stateside Conversion Kit".

Snake Charmer
Kill 100 enemies with the Viper Grenade throwable on Overkill difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Tombstone Slug" for shotguns.

Workin' On The Railroad
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Freight Night
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Hard difficulty or above.

The Greater Train Robbery
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Transitive Property
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Lost And Found
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

The Payday Express
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

I Like Trains
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Print The Money And Run
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Texas Treasures, Part 2
In the Lost In Transit job, find the hidden safe locked with the sheriff star and steal the content.

Tabula Railroad
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above in Loud, with each crew member wearing a two-piece suit, wielding a Castigo .44 Revolver with a Mosconi 12G shotgun, and using no equipped skills.

Billy The Kid
In the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, get 5 enemy headshot kills within 10 seconds using a revolver.

Victimless Crime
Complete the Lost In Transit job without raising the alarm or killing anyone.

Bad Company
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Product Displacement
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Hard difficulty or above.

You’ve Got Blackmail
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Carbon Captured
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Back to the Lab
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

For a Rainey Day
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Que sera, SERA
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Corporate Espionage
Complete the Hostile Takeover job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Texas Treasures, Part 3
In the Hostile Takeover job, use the USB stick to find and open the hidden safe and steal the content.

System Shocked
In the Hostile Takeover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, while remaining in the flooded lab, lure at least 50 enemies to a shocking death.

Payday Kart 64
In the Hostile Takeover job, use golf carts to smash every shuttle pick up sign in numerical order in under 1 minute.

Just Passing Through
Complete the Hostile Takeover job in stealth within 7 minutes on solo, or 4 minutes on multiplayer, on the OVERKILL difficulty and above without killing any civilians.

No Fish Were Harmed In The Making Of This Heist
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Normal difficulty or above.

Midnight Oil
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Hard difficulty or above

Up In Flames
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Very Hard difficulty or above

SERA Needs A Medic Bag
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Overkill difficulty or above

Black Gold Burning
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Mayhem difficulty or above

The Drill Is Down
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Death Wish difficulty or above

Burn, Baby, Burn
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Texas Heat
Complete the Crude Awakening job on the Death Sentence difficulty with One Down active.

Seagulls Aren’t Real
In the Crude Awakening job, find and remove all the seagulls without raising the alarm.

Texas Treasures, Part 4
In the Crude Awakening job, use the blueprint to access a passcode to Gabriel’s most valuable asset. Unlocks the "Texas Treasures" Suit and the "Midland Memoriam" mask.

Cash Liquidation
In the Crude Awakening job, throw all of Alice Rainey’s money into the ocean and then pick it up with your boat.

Human Torch
In the Crude Awakening job, kill Gabriel using three oil pits at most on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Gabriel’s Requiem" mask.

The Right Stuff
In the Crude Awakening job, find the purest sample of the correct oil batch on the first try.