Short Fuse
On day 3 of the Rats job, get away with 7 bags without defusing any bombs.

Guessing Game
On day 2 of the Firestarter job, complete the heist in stealth without hacking the computer.

You Shall Not Pass!
In the Overpass escape, don't let the cops set foot on the bridge before you can escape.

Cappuccino to Go, Please
In the Cafe escape, secure all loot and escape within 30 seconds of the escape van arriving.

Bullet Dodger
In the Street escape, complete the escape without letting any enemy snipers die.

I Am the One Who Knocks
On day 1 of the Rats job, cook 3 bags worth of meth without letting any law enforcer enter the house.

Afraid of the Dark
On day 3 of the Framing Frame job, while doing plan B, don't let law enforcers pull the power.

Witch Doctor
While wearing the "Witch" mask from the Halloween event, revive 50 crew members.

It's Alive! IT'S ALIVE!
While wearing the "Frank" mask from the Halloween event, get electrocuted by a Taser 25 times.

Pump-Action
While wearing the "Pumpkin" mask from the Halloween event, kill 666 enemies using only shotguns.

No One Can Hear You Scream
While wearing the "Venomorph" mask from the Halloween event, silently kill 50 enemies using only melee.

From Russia With Love
While wearing the "Mark" mask, complete 25 of Vlad's jobs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Cheerful Child
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the Normal difficulty. Unlocks the "Happy Baby" mask.

Gilliam's Sweet Little Baby
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the Hard difficulty. Unlocks the "Brazil Baby" mask.

Temper Tantrum
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the Very Hard difficulty. Unlocks the "Angry Baby" mask.

Water Works
In the Safe House Nightmare job find the correct baby mask on the OVERKILL difficulty. Unlocks the "Cry Baby" mask.

I'm Not a Crook!
While wearing the "37th" mask, kill 69 snipers using the Commando 553 rifle.

I Did Not Have Sexual Relations With That Bulldozer
While wearing the "42nd" mask, trade 7 civilians.

Public Enemies
While wearing the "Chuck" mask, kill 100 enemies using only the Crosskill pistol.

Reindeer Games
Complete a heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Christmas soundtrack or community "Santa" mask each.

Doctor Miserable
On day 2 of the Big Oil job, complete the heist with the last engine being correct on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

I Ain't Got Time to Bleed
Kill 15 FBI SWAT and FBI Heavy SWAT units with a knife while at 25% or less health on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Like a Fucking Sputnik!
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

OVERKILL Salutes You!
Complete all contracts on the Death Wish difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Death Wish Skull" mask.

Storage Hunter
On day 2 of the Election Day job, steal all of the extra loot in the storage bins.

Hot Lava 2.0
On day 1 of the Election Day job, use the computer in stealth without ever touching the ground.

The Man With the Golden Gun
Kill 6 Skulldozers using only the golden AK.762 rifle.

I Will Pass Through Walls
In the Shadow Raid job, secure at least 6 bags of loot and escape without killing anyone.

It Takes a Pig to Kill a Pig
Drop Floyd the pig on top of a law enforcer. Unlocks "The 1st" mask, the "Exhausted" material, the "Ruler" pattern and the "Extended Magazine" for the Falcon rifle.

Backing Bobblehead Bob
Bring Bobblehead Bob to the vault. Unlocks "The 18th" mask, the "Gemstone" material, the "God of War" pattern and the "Wooden Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Entrapment
In the Big Bank job, complete the heist with 12 bags in the default escape with all the lasers active. Unlocks the "CQB Foregrip" for the Falcon rifle.

Funding Father
Complete any heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Big Bank" mask each. Unlocks the "Marksman Stock" for the Falcon rifle.

Shotguns 101
Complete any heist by killing at least 50 enemies and getting 101% accuracy or above using any shotgun. Unlocks the "Long Barrel" for the M1014 shotgun.

Four Monkeys
In the Rats job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Shotgun Pack" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Unusual Suspects
In the Watchdogs job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Assault Pack mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Light Foregrip" for the Gecko 7.62 rifle, "Tactical Foregrip" for the Gewehr 3 rifle, "Long Barrel" for the Clarion rifle, "Void" material and "Death" pattern.

Do You Like Hurting Other People?
In the Hotline Miami job, kill 30 thugs with the Baseball Bat. Unlocks the "Dennis" mask, "Solid Stock" for the Uzi submachine gun, "Wooden Grip" for the Cobra submachine gun, "Rubber" material and "Hip to Be Polygon" pattern.

Sounds of Animals Fighting
In the Hotline Miami job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Hotline Miami mask each on the Hard difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Silent Death" and "Folded Stock" for the Uzi submachine gun, "Suppressor" and "No Stock" for the Cobra submachine gun and "Short Barrel" for the Blaster 9mm submachine gun.

Death From Below
Kill 25 enemies as they rappel using the Nagant sniper rifle. Unlocks the "Constable" mask, the "Silenced Barrel" and the "Long Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Gunsmoke" material and "Dazzle" pattern.

Wind of Change
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Historical" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Discreet Stock" and "Short Barrel" for the Nagant sniper rifle, "Precision Barrel" for the Broomstick pistol, "Extended Mag" and "Long Barrel" for the Patchett L2A1 submachine gun and the "Heatsinked Suppressed Barrel" for the Buzzsaw 42 light machine gun.

Riders On the Snowstorm
In the White Xmas job, complete the heist on the Death Wish difficulty or above while each crew member wears a different "2014 Xmas" mask each. Unlocks the "Almir's Beard" mask.

Smoke and Mirrors
In The Diamond job, steal the Diamond and escape in under 10 minutes. Unlocks the "Pazuzu" mask, "Diamond" material and "Horus" pattern.

Honor Among Thieves
In The Diamond job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Diamond Heist" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Diamonds in the Rough
In The Diamond job, complete the heist, diamond puzzle and steal the Diamond after the alarm has been triggered on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Anubis" mask, "Mummy Bandages" material and "Hawk Helm" pattern.

Oppressor
Complete The Bomb: Forest job without letting any civilian flee or die, having at least five civilians in the heist, while escaping with the boat. Unlocks "The Doctor" mask, "Plywood" material and "Caduceus" pattern.

Breaking Dead
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, find the meth lab. Unlocks the "Extended Mag" for the LEO pistol.

Private Party
In the Jewelry store job, don't let the cops enter the jewelry store until the van comes back on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "DMR Kit AMR-16" and the "L5 Magazine" for the CAR weapon family, "Vincent" mask, "Feathers" material and "Dinosaur Scars" pattern.

Becoming Villainous
Reach the sixth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Abominable
Reach the seventh rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fiendish
Reach the eighth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Heinous
Reach the ninth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Mean
Reach the tenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Dangerous
Reach the eleventh rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fearless
Reach the twelfth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Nefarious
Reach the thirteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Disreputable
Reach the fourteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Fearful
Reach the fifteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Opprobrious
Reach the sixteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Shady
Reach the seventeenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Savage
Reach the eighteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Abhorrent
Reach the nineteenth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Sly
Reach the twentieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Crafty
Reach the twenty-first rank of Infamy.

Becoming Shameless
Reach the twenty-second rank of Infamy.

Becoming Diabolical
Reach the twenty-third rank of Infamy.

Becoming Ferocious
Reach the twenty-fourth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Monstrous
Reach the twenty-fifth rank of Infamy.

Cooking With Style
Complete the Rats job with you and your four man crew having Combined Tactical Vests, Vulcan Miniguns, HRL-7 Rocket Launchers and "General OVERKILL" masks equipped on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

I Have No Idea What I'm Doing
In the Shadow Raid job, complete the heist in stealth while having the Vulcan Minigun and HRL-7 Rocket Launcher equipped.

We Are Rockstars On This Job
Complete the Watchdogs job with each crew member using no skills, wielding the AMCAR Rifle and Chimano 88 Pistol on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Boston Saints
Complete the Big Oil job, with at least one other player, all using suits and Akimbo Bernetti 9 Pistols on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Wasteful
On day 1 of the Firestarter job, complete heist having burned all weapons on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Speedlock Holmes
On day 1 of the Election Day job, tag the right truck and leave within a minute of the start of the heist.

Situation Normal
In the Hoxton Breakout job, complete day 2 without using a single keycard on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

It's Getting Hot in Here
In the Firestarter job, complete day 3 with you and your crew staying inside the vault while all of the money burns out on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Tag, You're It!
In the Car Shop job, be the first player in a four-man crew to reach the docks.

Recycling
Pick up 100 arrows. Unlocks the "Desert Skull" mask, "Western Sunset" material and "Mystical" pattern.

Hedgehog
Get 10 or more arrows stuck in a Bulldozer at the same time. Unlocks the "Lone Heister" mask, "Scorpion" material and "Totem" pattern.

City of Sin and Well-Oiled Gears
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job without having the Big Fucking Drill ever break in loud. Unlocks the "Murmillo Galea Helmet" mask, "Casino" material and "Royale" pattern.

High Roller
Complete the Golden Grin Casino job under 14 minutes. Unlocks "The King" mask, "Plush" material and "Cards" pattern.

Hail to the King, Baby
In the Golden Grin Casino job, kill "The King" and complete the heist in stealth. Unlocks the "Sports Utility Mask" mask, "Carpet" material and "Dices" pattern.

Heisters of the Round Table
Complete any heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with 4 players using only Gage Chivalry Pack masks, primary weapons, melee weapons and Ballistic Vests or heavier armors. Unlocks the "Agatha Knight Veteran" mask, "Bloodied" material and "Agatha" pattern.

Hidden Hostages
Complete the First World Bank job with 6 or more hostages alive behind the wall by the elevators in the main lobby.

1337
Complete the First World Bank job in stealth under 13 minutes and 37 seconds.

Cloaker Fear
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above by securing all additional money bags while not using the loot vent bag shortcut for the additional money bags.

Skill Shot
In the Lab Rats job, secure a bag in the secret area. Unlocks the "Invader" mask.

Trick or Treat!
In the Lab Rats job, complete the Cloaker event on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Satan" mask.

Juggernauts
Complete the Beneath the Mountain job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above without any player going down.

1... 2... 3... JUMP!
In the Birth of Sky job, have the entire crew jump out of the airplane within 1 minute and 23 seconds on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Maui" mask, "Wade" material and "Ornamental Crown" pattern.

Black Tie Event
Complete the Birth of Sky job, have the entire crew use only pistols and Two Piece Suits on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

We Do It Live!
Complete the Framing Frame job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Platypus 70 sniper rifles and Judge shotguns.

Coffee Stain
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Crowd Control
On the Counterfeit job, have all civilians as hostages until the safe is opened.

Keep Clear of the Windows
Complete the Undercover job without killing any Snipers. Unlocks the "Hans" mask, "Red Black" material and "Luse" pattern.

The Saviour
On the Undercover job, place 10 planks on windows, vents or fences. Unlocks the "Trickster Demon" mask, "Mushroom Cloud" material and "Split" pattern.

Blow-Out
Complete the Undercover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, using only a grenade launcher or rocket launcher.

No Witnesses
Complete the Murky Station job by killing all guards and not using any ECM jammers on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Janitor
Complete the Murky Station job after hiding one body bag in each dumpster.

The Ground Is Too Cold
In the Boiling Point job, have no crew members get downed on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zero 68" mask, "Nebula" material and "Hexagons" pattern.

When in Russia... Do as the Russians Do
Complete the Boiling Point job while having your crew wear the "Russian Hat" mask and "Golden AK.762" assault rifle on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

High Times
In The Bomb: Dockyard job, cook 2 bags of meth and secure them.

Mellon
In the Birth of Sky job, find all 9 rings.

Let the Man Work
In the first day of The Biker Heist, let Mike the mechanic complete the bike without any interruptions on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Classic" mask, "Hotrod" material and "Engine" pattern.

Eye for an Eye
On day 2 of The Biker Heist, destroy the helicopter turret. Unlocks the "Road Rage" mask, "Chromey" material and "Biker Face" pattern.

There is no Goat Level
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

You Goat to be Kidding Me...
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Upstanding Citizen
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above.

A Sad Vlad is Bad
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.

Master of Mayhem
Complete all contracts on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Mayhem Skull" mask.

A Heister of Legend
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty. Unlocks "The Death Sentence Skull" mask.

Cardio Training
Complete Panic Room while having the entire crew on the roof when the escape triggers and open the basement door within 20 sec.

Don't You Dare Miss
Complete Panic Room on any difficulty with a total crew hit accuracy above 200%

UMP for Me, UMP for You
Kill 45 Russian specials on the Boiling Point job with the Jackal Submachine Gun on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Zashchita" mask, "Mist" material and "Battle Wounds" pattern.

For Daisy
Complete the Firestarter job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with your crew using only the Contractor Pistol. Unlocks the "Daisy" mask, "Dog Fur" material and "Daisies" pattern.

Salem Asylum
On the Prison Nightmare job, get on the train in less than 4 min and 44 sec on the Mayhem difficulty or above. You have to have played the heist from the start. Unlocks the "Risen Wolf" mask.

A Long Night of Horrors
Complete the Prison Nightmare job, getting at least 15 keycards on the Mayhem difficulty or above without any player ever going into custody. Unlocks the "Risen Chains" mask.

He's Got Experience
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Hard difficulty or above by having 1 player playing as Hoxton, all having Nova's Shank melee weapon equipped, and are only allowed to kill enemies using Nova's Shank. Unlocks the "Risen Houston" mask.

Christmas Party
On the Stealing Xmas job, escape the heist while keeping at least 10 zip-tied civilians alive within the 4 pillars around the Christmas tree.

Say Hello to My Big Friend
On the Scarface Mansion job, kill the boss with the Commando 101 Rocket Launcher on the OVERKILL difficulty and above. Unlocks the "Panthera Tigris" mask, "Black Marble" material and "Diablada" pattern.

Look at These Pelicans Fall
On the Scarface Mansion job, find and shoot the two pink flamingos. Unlocks the "Exalted" mask, "Oxidized Copper" material and "Liberty Flame" pattern.

What? You Want Me to Dance?
Complete the Scarface Mansion job in stealth in 13 minutes or less on the Mayhem difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Barrori Flex" mask, "Red Velvet" material and "Coin" pattern.

Apartment Sniper
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, by having all team members using Sniper Rifles and the OVE9000 saws on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Rendezvous With Destiny
On the Brooklyn 10-10 job, reach Charon within 6 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Lady Liberty" mask, "Underground Neon" material and "Baba Yaga" pattern.

Pass the Ammo
Complete the Brooklyn 10-10 job from start, after deploying 8 ammo bags in the ammo cage on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Bird of Prey" mask, "Carbon Fiber Weave" material and "Hood Stripes" pattern.

Blood in the Water
Complete The Yacht Heist after having killed every security guard on the boat. Unlocks the "Captain" mask, "Black Suede" material and "Continental" pattern.

Zookeeper
On the Heat Street job, find and steal all animal posters and escape.

Patience is Key
Complete the Heat Street job without using any gas cans.

Caution! Wet Floors
On the Green Bridge job, escort the convict from the van to the scaffolding while never touching the ground, on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Back to Prison
On the Green Bridge job, free and zip-tie all extra prisoners in the prison vans.

Headless Snowmen
In the Alaskan Deal job find and shoot the heads off on all the snowmen.

Dead Change
Steal from the Dead.

The Hunt for the Blue Sapphires
On the Diamond Heist find and pick up every sapphire outside the vault on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

United We Heist
Complete the Reservoir Dogs job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using only the Union 5.56 Rifle.

Get Off My Property
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, keep the law enforcers from entering the warehouse until Twitch arrives with the escape van.

Pinky Swear
On day 2 of the Reservoir Dogs job, escort Mr. Pink back to the warehouse within 60 seconds after rescuing him from the car on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Waste Not, Want Not
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, loot and secure all available bags of diamonds and jewelry in the Garnet Group boutique on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Close Shave
On the Reservoir Dogs job, kill 92 special enemies with the Alabama Razor on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Obsessive Opening
On the Brooklyn Bank Job open at least 30 deposit boxes and all 3 ATMs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Felis Lynx" mask and the "Ursus Maritimus" mask.

Animal Kingdom
On the Brooklyn Bank job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different Brooklyn Bank animal mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

One More Down, No More To Go
Complete all contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated. Unlocks "The One Down Skull" mask.

Vlad Will Sing You a Song
Complete all of Vlad's contracts on the Death Sentence difficulty.

GOTs!
Complete the Goat Simulator job on the Death Sentence difficulty.

Just Shut up and Take My Money!
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, hit the cashier in the Garnet Group boutique with the Money Bundle melee weapon.

Golden Grin Anonymous
Spend at least a $1,000,000,000 in the Offshore Payday.

Why?
On the Counterfeit job, place a body bag on the grill.

Silver Tongue
On day 1 of the Reservoir Dogs job, convert the cashier in the Garnet Group boutique to fight for you.

Remember, No Russian
In the Boiling Point job, scan all 4 bodies without letting the mercenaries turn off the power or stop the scanner on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

C-40
In a single day of any job, place at least 40 trip mines.

Draganborn
In the Safe House, hit the punching bag in Dragan's gym for over 500 points in a single hit.

Say Hello To My Halloween Friend!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, Acquire all 7 "Deadly Sins" masks.

Faster! Faster! I can do it faster!
In the Cursed Kill Room job, open at least 6 safes in a single run on the Very Hard difficulty or above.

Matrix With Lasers
In the Big Bank job, open the vault by using the "Beast" drill and escape using the C4 Tunneling asset without killing any snipers on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

I Feel Like Robin Hood!
Complete the Undercover job with every crew member using only a bow without any modifications on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Junkyard Full Of Junkies
On day 1 of the Big Oil job, kill all of the bikers within 1 minute of the heist starting.

Down Payment
On the First World Bank job, kill the bank manager with the Money Bundle melee weapon.

Watch The Power Switch!
On day 2 of the Hoxton Breakout job, don't let the cops turn off the power while Hoxton is in the server room on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Global Warming
Complete the Alaskan Deal job with all crew members using only Flamethrowers.

Snipe This!
Kill a Sniper with a melee weapon.

The Raid Gang
Complete the Safe House Raid and don't let the cops pick up any bags on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Expert Landing
In the Birth of Sky job, have all players land on the roof of any building, car or other structure and together get 200 kills before ever touching the ground on the Death Wish difficulty or above.

Drive By
Kill 10 enemies while in the passenger seat of a vehicle.

The Red Button
In the Henry's Rock job, push the red button and escape.

Hidden Secrets
You found something really weird.

Boom, Headshot!
In the Henry's Rock job, headshot all five test mannequins in the Weapons Lab using a Pistol and/or Akimbo Pistols within 3 seconds.

The Auction Cry
Complete the Shacklethorne Auction job in stealth within 5 minutes on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Heavy Metal
In the Shacklethorne Auction job, use the metal detectors to find a civilian that is carrying something heavy. Unlocks the "Monkey Wrench" melee weapon.

Prison Rules, Bitch!
In the Hell's Island job, kill 13 enemies with the Nova's Shank Melee on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Another Way Out
In the Hell's Island job, Free all of the prisoners in Cell Block A before opening Bain's cell on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

A Heist to Remember
Find a fitting souvenir from The White House job and take it with you.

President For a Day
Complete The White House job while wearing any presidential mask on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Settling a Scar
Complete the Scarface Mansion job within 15 minutes in loud on the OVERKILL difficulty and above.

Heister Cocinero
In the Border Crystals job, escape the heist with 25 bags of meth on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Now Hit Me With The Music
The rhythm is the boss. Unlocks the "Sombrero" Mask.

Tie Them to the Chairs
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 5 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

Would you Rather Be Robbing the Place?
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

A Different Level of Scoring
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the First World Bank heist.

Holdout in the Sun
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 3 of Holdout on the Heat Street heist.

A Nice Day for a Hostage Situation
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 5 of Holdout on the Heat Street heist.

Sit Them Down on the Curb
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 7 of Holdout on the Heat Street heist.

Money on the Asphalt
Having started from wave 1, beat wave 9 of Holdout on the Heat Street heist.

Low Murder Rate
Complete the Breakfast in Tijuana job in stealth without killing anyone. Unlocks the "Desert" weapon color.

Paid in Full
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, secure all the loot bags.

Stolen Valor
In the Breakfast in Tijuana job, find and steal all the medals in one run. Unlocks the "Cave" weapon color.

Becoming Masterful
Reach the fiftieth rank of Infamy.

Becoming Professional
Reach the seventy-fifth rank of Infamy.

Becoming a King Among Thieves
Reach the hundredth rank of Infamy.

Only For Us Naughty Heisters
Find the hidden presents in the Border Crossing, San Martín Bank, Breakfast in Tijuana, and Buluc's Mansion jobs. Unlocks the "Mega Sangres" mask.

Keep Breathing that Fresh Air
In the Dragon Heist job, do not let the cops start trigger the gas attack.

Speed Lizard
Complete the Dragon Heist job in 6 minutes or less on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Thinking Ahead
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and steal what Yufu Wang has hidden away.

Just to Cheese Them Off
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, find and destroy all dragon vases.

This Calls for a Round of Sputniks!
In the Ukrainian Prisoner job, kill at least 100 enemies with a sniper rifle and complete the level with 100% or higher accuracy on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.

Cloaker Charmer
Complete the Prison Nightmare job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, while wearing "PNV BriteNite" mask and kill at least one Cloaker. Unlocks the "Cloaker Mascot" Weapon Charm.

Swimming Cat, Silent Burglar
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in stealth while you and your crew used only melee weapons.

Master of Floatation
In the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above, throw 8 body bags overboard and complete the heist in stealth without having killed any civilians.

Secret Sea Safecracker
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and open Xun Kang's secret safe.

One Claw Beam Cutter
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in loud having used only one saw at the time to cut the vault beams.

Crouching Bomber, Hidden Flamer
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member wearing a variant of the dragon bomber suit, kill Yufu Wang in loud using only flamethrowers and steal his mask. Unlocks the "Mountain Master Crown" mask.

Did You Inhale Some Demon Speed?
In the Mountain Master job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, find and press the 3 buttons on the roof within 2 minutes of activating the timer, while in stealth.

For The Mad Hatter
Collect and secure the tea sets from all heists in the City of Gold campaign. Unlocks the "Laohu Dashi" Outfit.

No Gnome Left Behind
In the Mountain Master job on the Very Hard difficulty or above, find someone in need of a lift, and help him to the helicopter, while playing in loud.

Caddyshacked
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, kill 100 enemies with a golf cart.

Marshal Law
In the Midland Ranch job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, use the turret to kill 4 US Marshal Sharpshooters.

Tabula Railroad
Complete the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above in Loud, with each crew member wearing a two-piece suit, wielding a Castigo .44 Revolver with a Mosconi 12G shotgun, and using no equipped skills.

Billy The Kid
In the Lost In Transit job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, get 5 enemy headshot kills within 10 seconds using a revolver.

System Shocked
In the Hostile Takeover job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, while remaining in the flooded lab, lure at least 50 enemies to a shocking death.

Payday Kart 64
In the Hostile Takeover job, use golf carts to smash every shuttle pick up sign in numerical order in under 1 minute.

Just Passing Through
Complete the Hostile Takeover job in stealth within 7 minutes on solo, or 4 minutes on multiplayer, on the OVERKILL difficulty and above without killing any civilians.

Seagulls Aren’t Real
In the Crude Awakening job, find and remove all the seagulls without raising the alarm.

Cash Liquidation
In the Crude Awakening job, throw all of Alice Rainey’s money into the ocean and then pick it up with your boat.

Human Torch
In the Crude Awakening job, kill Gabriel using three oil pits at most on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks the "Gabriel’s Requiem" mask.